
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
The global economic downturn weighed on the Indian IT industry in 2012, a year, which saw old leaders slump, even as several smaller rivals thrived. 
 Tata Consultancy Services   cemented its position as the top software services provider. It has maintained that it will grow faster than the 11-14 percent growth forecast by industry body NASSCOM for FY13. 
Meanwhile,  Infosys  , once the benchmark, stopped issuing quarterly guidance this year and only expects to grow around 5 percent. Even this, analysts say, is going to be a tough ask in the current scenario. Many including Bank of America Merrill Lynch expect the Bangalore-based company is likely to miss its guidance.
Infosys' local rival  Wipro   too has struggled to keep pace in the changed economic environment, where customers are now taking longer than usual in finalising IT budgets and even cutting discretionary spends.
"We expect Infosys to cut their organic FY13 US dollar revenue growth guidance to 4 percent plus (from 5 percent plus) as the impact of accentuated seasonality may result in slower ramp up of deals, especially in banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI). We expect TCS to deliver sector-leading US dollar revenue growth (3% quarter-on-quarter) followed by  HCL Tech   (2.8% qoq) in organic terms," Goldman Sachs analysts Rishi Jhunjhunwala and Girish Ramkumar said in a recent report.
Wipro, which like Infosys has gone through a management rejig in the last couple of years, is also expected to underperform the broader industry, with just 2 percent sequential US dollar revenue growth in Oct-Dec (it has guided for 1.2-3.2 percent growth) and a weak 1 percent volume growth, according to the Goldman Sachs analysts.
Some analysts, however, have a contrarian view and believe Wipro, could in fact turn out to be the dark horse and stage a recovery next year.
"Wipro is likely to benefit significantly from the surge in IMS deals expected over FY13-FY14, strong growth in Energy & Utilities, and the BFSI's return to stability," says Priya Sunder of Avendus Securities.
While Infosys and Wipro struggled over the last year, smaller outsourcers like  Hexaware Technologies   saw strong growth.
Atul Nishar, Hexaware's chairman, recently said he was "reasonably" confident of outperforming the wider industry in 2013. This optimism came even as it was forced to cut its fourth quarter (Oct-Dec) guidance to USD 92 million from USD 94.7-96.5 million, due to changes to a project plan for a customer and impact on account of hurricane Sandy, which devastated the US east coast. 
TCS, Infosys and Wipro, all have underperformed many of its peers over the last one year. Infosys and Wipro are down 17 percent and 3 percent, weighed down by their slow growth and near-term uncertainties. While TCS has gained 8 percent, many others like HCL Tech,  Tech Mahindra   and  MindTree   are up 60-75 percent. 


Stocks

Percentage Gain/Fall
(Dec 30, 2011-Dec 27, 2012)
TCS

8
Infosys

-17
Wipro

-3
HCL Tech

61
Tech Mahindra

60
MindTree

75
 MphasiS  

26
Hexaware

12
 Sasken Communication  

27
 Rolta India  

9
 NIIT Tech  

33
 
 
 
 
How should you play the IT sector in 2013? 
Both TCS and HCL Tech expect better demand and a gradual pick up in discretionary spending in 2013. Infosys, though, has maintained the overall environment is unlikely to improve soon.
Sunder of Avendus says investors should "add" Wipro and TCS shares. She downgraded Infosys (weak fundamentals) and HCL Tech (rich valuations) to "hold".
Goldman Sachs has a "buy" rating on HCL Tech, and "sell" on Wipro. It is "neutral" on Infosys, TCS and MphasiS. 
Among other stocks, Hexaware may have had a strong earnings growth in 2012, it may not do so next year, warn analysts.
"Outside the new deals announced in Q2 and Q3 CY12, which will contribute 8% incremental growth in CY13, our concerns are more about the ability to generate growth from existing clients, rather than its ability to win new deals. We now expect Hexaware's CY13 growth to be in low double digits at best," Soumitra Chatterjee and Nitin Padmanabhan of Portuguese investment bank Espirito Santo said, urging investors to "sell" the stock.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Tata Motors Ltd   is the best performer among Sensex stocks in 2012, helped by hopes for a turnaround in the performance of luxury unit Jaguar Land Rover.
 Infosys Ltd   earns the worst performer status among blue chips, given the persistent concerns about global demand for software services.
Lenders were the top performers among sectors, with the BSE banking index up nearly 57 percent. Real estate and fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) were the next best sectoral performers.
Also Read:  A lackluster year for auto makers in 2012  
The RBI has held interest rates steady after a 50 basis points rate cut in April, but eased the cash reserve ratio by 175 basis points in 2012, helping banks improve margins.
The RBI is also expected to cut the repo rate more aggressively next year.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT major  Infosys   today said it will announce its third quarter results on January 11 next year. "The board of directors of the company will meet on January 11 to consider the audited financial results for the third quarter and nine months ending December 31, 2012," Infosys said in a BSE filing.
The board will also consider the audited consolidated  financial results of the company   and its subsidiaries for the third quarter and nine months ending December 31, 2012. Shares of the company ended at Rs 2,311.30, down 0.33 percent from their previous close.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
Once the tech bellwether,  Infosys  , has been hit hard by the global economic downturn in the last couple of years. With clients postponing discretionary spends, Infosys' volumes took a hit. 
Yet, it continued to focus on margins, even as rivals like  Tata Consultancy Services  , Accenture and  HCL Tech   chased volumes. But now, it seems, the Bangalore-based IT giant is waking up to the harsh reality and leaving no stone unturned to get its business back on track.
And the biggest change could be that it has now quitely started focusing on getting volumes back, even if it means being more negotiable on pricing.
Infosys' head of sales &  marketing Basab Pradhan, confirmed to JP Morgan last week that the company has indeed become relatively flexible in pricing for volume growth.
"Pradhan confirms Infy is relatively more focused on volume growth even through aggressive pricing. Infy is also much more responsive to negotiations with clients. It realizes that clients' perception of Infy being relatively rigid in negotiations was hurting growth prospects and it has taken initiatives to change this perception," said analysts Viju George and Amit Sharma.
The JP Morgan analysts believe the changed strategy to chase volumes is a step in the right direction, particularly considering the difficult market environment and Infosys's declining market share (particularly in multivendor situations).
"Though, every deal is undertaken with a target margin profile in focus, but this target margin is now lower than earlier, in our view. Also, Infosys is responding to requests for proposals more aggressively than earlier. Our channel checks suggest that the pricing flexibility has helped Infosys improve its win rate over the last 1-2 quarters."
And that chase for volumes, while being more flexible on pricing seems to reflect in its EBIT (earnings before interest, taxes) margins, which have declined 350 bps over the last two quarters.
Apart from focusing on volumes, the company has also taken multiple initiatives in sales and marketing to drive change.
For instance, on the accounting side, it now motivates employees to focus more on global-2,000 accounts with potential of meaningful revenue contribution over a period of time. It has also implemented the star account programme, where senior client partners focus on one key account and not multiple accounts, JP Morgan notes. 
Things, however, are unlikely to change for Infosys overnight. The demand environment remains uncertain and the company admits that client budgets are not as sacrosanct as before. 
Also, Infosys has "meaningful" exposure to capital market clients, who were the worst hit in the recent financial crisis and visibility on IT spending from these clients is very low, say George and Sharma. 
Infosys, which has had a string of poor results in recent quarters, cut its EPS guidance for the full year in October, which is now expected to be at at least USD 2.97, down from USD 3.03 it had forecast earlier, following rupee appreciation.
It also lowered its full-year rupee EPS guidance to Rs 160.61 from 166.46. 
Infosys is also expecting only 5 percent growth in US dollar revenues for the full year, much lower than 11-14 percent growth expected by industry body NASSCOM. Som Mittal, the president of NASSCOM said last month that growth will still likely be in double digits but probably closer to 11 percent, the lower end of its guidance.
While Infosys may still be uncertain of the road ahead, the JP Morgan analysts say their conversations with peers like TCS, suggests that demand will pick up and 2013 will be better than 2012.
Infosys may have changed tracks, its still likely going to be a slow catch up. The company will announce its third quarter results in January, and many analysts expect Infosys will cut its organic growth forecast  to below 5 percent, given cut back in spending by clients and delays in closing deals.
Infosys closed at Rs 2,322.30, up 1.1 percent on NSE on Monday.  JP Morgan has a target of Rs 2,400 on the stock. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Flat IT budgets and uncertain macro environment may continue to challenge the Indian IT-BPO industry, but as technology becomes more central to everyday lives of consumers and corporate alike, 2013 promises to be a good year for the USD 100 billion sector.
Post the 2008 global financial crisis, the Indian IT industry, which saw phenomenal growth in the preceding five years on back of a over 25 per cent growth in exports that made companies like  Infosys  ,  TCS  , and  Wipro   poster boys for investors, seems to have lost its sheen.
Factors like weakening rupee, high production input prices, hike in borrowing costs, and geo-political situation continued to plague the industry in 2012.
Also Read:
 TCS to scale up presence in China, Latin America, Europe  Digital distribution: Key to success of smaller apps  
These along with domestic policy paralysis prompted software services industry body Nasscom to lower growth forecast for 2012-13 for IT-BPO exports to 11-14 per cent from previous fiscal's target of 16-18 per cent growth.
IT companies seem to be ready for this new "normal" and are now embracing technologies like social media, cloud, analytics and mobility (SCAM) to optimise and ensure efficiency in business environment, all within flat or lower than usual IT budgets.
While the global macroeconomic scenario remains uncertain in the coming years, the industry will continue to exhibit resilience and adaptability in continually reinventing itself to retain its appeal to clients, Nasscom said.
"The year 2012 has been a landmark year for the Indian IT industry... At such a large base, we expect the industry to clock double digit growth in FY 2013 which exhibits that despite global uncertainties, IT-BPM industry has moved from efficiency to effectiveness," it added in an emailed response.
Year 2012 was a mixed one for the top five IT services firms. While Tata Consultancy Services (TCS),  HCL Technologies   and Cognizant saw good growth, Infosys and Wipro lagged peers.
TCS and HCL Technologies have registered quarterly revenue growth 13 per cent and 17 per cent in dollar terms, while both Infosys and Wipro registered under 5 per cent growth.
Also, Infosys slashed its revenue growth outlook to five per cent for FY2012-13 and suspended its practice of giving quarterly guidance, while Wipro hived off its non-IT businesses like Consumer Care & Lighting into a new company to focus exclusively on IT.
Cognizant continued to give strong competition to its counterparts, pushing Infosys to the third spot in the top Indian IT services players tally with growth of over 20 per cent.
Though it is not listed in India, Cognizant is often referred to as an Indian entity with three-fourth of its over 1.50 lakh employees being based.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT industry would like the RBI to look at the interest rates though such a momentum is building up,  Infosys   Co-Chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan said. "There is no conflict," he told reporters here when asked whether he sees any conflict in a scenario where reforms bills are being passed in Parliament on the one hand and the RBI is keeping interest rates unchanged. Gopalakrishnan said IT industry would like the RBI to look at the interest rates, but having said that he thought the momentum is building up.
Also Read:
 Credit policy: RBI did right thing, says HSBC Global  10-year yield seen between 8.05-8.15%: Ramanathan K  
The Reserve Bank in its mid-quarter monetary policy review had decided to keep key interest rates unchanged. Gopalakrishnan expressed happiness that many reforms bills are being passed in Parliament which is a good sign for democracy. He further said deceleration of growth in India has bottomed out and was looking forward to 7-8 per cent GDP growth next year which is required to get things back on track.
About his views on how IT has panned out this year and what India could expect next year, he said if nothing untoward happens in Europe and fiscal crisis in US is managed and taken care of, 2013 could be a better year but uncertainty would still exist. "I think we are going to see a period of uncertainty probably for next three to five years where there will be some event or other which could trigger reaction or panic or may slow things down further, but from where we stand today, probably 2013 could be better," he said.
Gopalakrishnan said if rest of the world including India, China and US recovers from the slowdown, businesses will gain confidence to invest. "Europe is still a challenge." He said IT still has the capability to improve productivity and quality of life especially with cloud computing and social networking. "There is lot of opportunity for improved productivity, creating new start-ups and applications, and new investments to happen in IT," he said.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys  , India's No. 2 software services provider, may cut its revenue forecast next month as US business clients defer spending and balk at signing big deals.
The outsourcing icon, which has missed its own revenue guidance in three of the past four quarters, has struggled as its big customers cut costs, and analysts have criticised management for sticking with a rigid pricing policy when competitors have offered more flexible plans.
Infosys executives have sounded downbeat in recent interviews and in meetings with analysts, citing client troubles ranging from Hurricane Sandy-related shutdowns to worries about the U.S. "fiscal cliff" of tax hikes and spending cuts.
"From what they've been saying in various conversations, it's not unlikely that they will cut guidance," said Ambit Capital analyst Ankur Rudra, who has maintained a "sell" rating on Infosys shares since January 2011.
An Infosys spokeswoman declined to comment, noting that the company is in a mandatory quiet period ahead of its earnings results due in January.
With about 60 percent of its business in the United States, Infosys is particularly vulnerable to swings in U.S. corporate sentiment and has been hit hard by spending deferrals.
Diviya Nagarajan, an analyst at UBS, wrote in a December 6 note to clients that the company's growth forecast for the fiscal year ending in March could be under threat because of cutbacks on large projects and delays in closing deals.
UBS organised an investor meeting on December 6, featuring Infosys Chief Executive Officer S.D. Shibulal.
Longer-than-expected client shutdowns due to Hurricane Sandy, especially in the manufacturing sector, were also hurting Infosys, wrote Nagarajan in her report.
Infosys's guidance of 5 percent dollar revenue growth for the current fiscal year compares with an estimate of 11 percent for the sector by the National Association of Software and Services Companies, or NASSCOM.
Infosys, for years an investor favourite for exceeding its targets, stopped providing quarterly guidance in July after a string of disappointing results. It now provides only an annual revenue forecast.
Also read:  Why there could be more trouble ahead for Infosys  
It is expected to update its outlook for the fiscal year ending in March when it reports quarterly results on January 11. A forecast cut would be the second this fiscal year. In July, Infosys halved its dollar revenue growth estimate from as much as 10 percent - forecast in April - to 5 percent.
LEANING OVER THE CLIFF
Long the sector bellwether, Infosys is in the midst of a strategy shift that it calls "Infosys 3.0" as it tries to diversify away from businesses that have become commoditised. It is focusing on developing its own software and building technological expertise.
At the same time, industry insiders say, it is quietly becoming more flexible on its premium pricing, given fierce competition.
"Things have become challenging, because in the U.S., which is the largest market for all of us, the fiscal cliff is still not resolved, they are still talking about it, there is a lot of uncertainty, so all the corporates are sitting tight on their spending," V. Balakrishnan, who was previously chief financial officer and now heads three Infosys units, told reporters on December 12.
The company is also heavily exposed to discretionary spending in the financial sector. While such business is lucrative during good times, it is vulnerable when the industry is retrenching.
"Previously, the banks would come and talk to us, you know. Now, discretionary projects, they can pull the plug with 48 hours notice," Infosys CFO Rajiv Bansal told Reuters on December 8.
UNDERPERFORMER
Infosys shares are down almost 18 percent this year, compared with a 7 percent gain for larger rival Tata Consultancy Services and a 3.1 percent fall for the sector index. That compares with a 25 percent gain for the broader market.
Some investors are betting the stock will continue to fall. Nearly three-quarters of Infosys American depositary receipts that can be borrowed are out on loan, compared with an average of about 8.7 percent for all ADRs, according to data from Markit Securities Finance.
In the nine months ended September, Infosys's operating profit dropped about five percentage points as a proportion of revenue, from 31.2 percent for the quarter ended December 2011 to 26.3 percent, according to data on the company's website.
Cowen and Co analysts downgraded Infosys to "neutral" from "outperform" on December 3, expecting it to have a "protracted revenue growth recovery."
In a Cowen survey of IT buyers, Infosys scored poorly, behind competitors such as Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp , on both new client additions and project workload, which the analysts define as spending intentions from existing and new clients.
U.S. based Cognizant expects to end the year to December with 20 percent revenue growth.
Infosys's difficulties stand in contrast with commentary from larger rival TCS, which is known to be more flexible on pricing and has maintained that it will beat NASSCOM's estimate this year and that next year will be even better.
Cognizant and India's HCL Technologies have also been winning market share by being more flexible on pricing, which puts more pressure on Infosys at a time when customers are hesitant to add new spending.
"While the net new scope of work hasn't been increasing greatly, a large number of contracts of significant value are coming back to the market as renewals or recompetes," said Siddharth Pai, partner at Information Services Group, which advises global clients on outsourcing strategies.
"Our data suggests that incumbents win these contracts the majority of the time, but each renewal constitutes an opportunity for a rival to displace the incumbent," he said.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip to Rs 1975-2000, says Ambareesh Baliga, Independent Analyst.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “Another two or three quarters could be bad for IT space and Infosys will continue underperforming and I see levels of closer to about Rs 1975-2000 and possibly one should also look at exiting  HCL Tech   and  TCS   where we have seen decent performance in the recent past- however from December quarter onwards I see even those underperforming, its still time to get out.”
He further added, “ Suzlon Energy  , once the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) is through because if you look at the business, that is continuing to look quite favourable. So, that could be one dark horse. Tulip has a huge issue with the balance sheet and if that is sorted out that could be a big opportunity because we have seen a decent cut in both these stocks in the last two years and Tulip especially in the last 6-7 months. So, surely opportunity is there but it is quite risky no doubt. So, it should form only a small part of your portfolio.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buying opportunities is seen in  Infosys   and  Wipro  .  Reliance Industries   may outperform, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “The four major IT stocks are giving us trading opportunities. So as of today Infosys and Wipro are both candidates for buying. Any one who buys must be aware of the risks that you have already explained that the meetings in the US, what impact it could have. Those are unpredictable events. But within those limits buying of IT majors is a good idea.”
He further added, “Reliance Industries is finding strong support just above Rs 800, that’s a good sign. It means that any correction is being short-lived and shallow and if the Nifty were to begin even the slightest rally, the chances are Reliance will cross Rs 850 and go higher. I wish I could tell you Reliance is going higher, go and buy it and that applies to most blue-chips but I cannot because the broad market will tell us whether we want to buy it or not. If the Nifty gives any signs of life, goes above 5920, Reliance should be an outperformer and we should be going long in it.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Year 2012 has been spectacular for the Indian market. The Sensex has rallied around 25 percent. Going into 2013, experts have high hopes on the stock market.
Moneycontrol.com got AK Prabhakar, senior VP-equity research, Anand Rathi to answer the stock queries you sent us on our Facebook page as part of KYI (Know Your Investment). Check out his comments.
Ratheesh Baskaran: Can you tell us your top picks for 2013? 
A K Prabhakar:  Thermax  ,  Bharat Forge  ,  Speciality Restaurants  ,  HSIL  , Reliance Capital  ,  SKS Microfinance  ,  Bayer Cropscience  ,   Cadila  ,  Coromandel International   and  Raymond  .
Arvind Singh: What is your call on  State Bank of India   (SBI)? 
A K Prabhakar: We prefer private banks than PSU banks. SBI, being the largest PSU banks, still has its overhang of asset quality issues. Therefore, we like  Karur Vysya Bank   better than SBI. 
Nitin Agarwal: What about  Reliance Industries   (RI)?
A K Prabhakar: In the short-term to medium-term, the pressure is likely to continue. But post FY14 the stock can become outperformer. So, if your view is for the long-term, you may hold.
Bhushan Mulay: Can I buy  Bharti Airtel   now?
A K Prabhakar: We are cautious on telecom as a whole sector mainly due to the regulatory issues. We prefer  Idea   to Bharti Airtel mainly it being an India specific player. 
Chirag CJ Patel: What is your call on  ICICI Bank  ?
A K Prabhakar: The stock is attractive. With a two-year perspective, it should outperform as it has been growing continously and has also kept a check on the asset quality issue. 
Saravanan Rg: Can you give us your top picks for the short-term?
A K Prabhakar:  Karur Vysys Bank  ,  Tata Chemicals  ,  Bajaj Corp  ,  Natco Pharma   and  JK Cement  .
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Go long in  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "We have been tracking  Hexaware Technologies   on the downside from Rs 130 onwards. The actual selling idea started coming when it came down to Rs 115 and it is now Rs 85 and it is not showing any signs of stopping."
He further added, "I am amazed sometimes at what the market can foresee and discount but whatever it is, I am assuming the news will come later. The stock price is not stopping, it was in a trading range after a decline and that trading range has again led to another breakdown. So it remains a short sell."
"I am long in the CNX-IT. IT stocks now are bottoming out. That process takes time, it is long drawn, it is choppy also sometimes. Sometimes you have good days and bad days but essentially the lows are held, that is the basic theme that a bottoming out process should have and that is happening.
"Yesterday we had a very bad day in IT stocks and today I assume even if there is a knee-jerk reaction on the downside in the morning that should be a buying opportunity. Infosys is the most appropriate stock to go long into. As we go into earnings season, I think there will be some momentum on the upside."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													One can sell  Infosys   for a target price of Rs 2100 and sell  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) for the target of Rs 1170, says Shubham Agarwal of Motilal Oswal Securities.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, "Among the IT companies  HCL Technologies   has been an outperformer and going forward just in case if IT rebounds, we are not expecting overall CNX-IT to outperform, but in case if we see any pullback happening in the IT space I think HCL Tech is something which can outperform the other peer companies."
He further added, "The overall sector view is negative on IT. So I think rather than looking at long opportunities we should be looking at some of the sell scrips like Infosys and TCS where we have a target of Rs 2,100 on Infosys and Rs 1,170 on TCS. So just in case if the pullback happens it can be used as a selling opportunity, but with the right scrips and we would like to choose Infosys and TCS as a sell candidate."
Disclosure: I do not have any personal holdings, but might have recommended stocks to clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is upbeat on  Apollo Tyres   and has recommended buy rating on the stock and one can also buy TCS, Infosys. Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “We want to go long in IT sector because the sector itself is bottoming out. Today  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) and  Infosys   both are buying opportunities. They are not necessarily for the day, because remember it is a volatile day likely, but for the next couple of days.” On Apollo Tyres, Sukhani says, “It is difficult to give a short-term call when the entire market is in a narrow trading range. But if we were looking for a period of three months then I would say that Apollo Tyres is in an uptrend, just beginning an upmove, probably a move towards Rs 95 or even Rs 100 is possible. So I am fairly upbeat on the stock.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Anand Tandon, CEO, JRG Securities is overweight IT sector. Companies like Infosys have been probably one of the worst hit, so if they do correct in terms of being more aggressive and in terms of growth, then there could be a great surprise over the next 12 months.
Tandon told CNBC-TV18, “IT quarterly earnings are pretty well speculated or guessed at, so I do not want to comment particularly on this quarter, but I think if you were to look at the next 12 months you have to choose one of the two scenarios. The first scenario is what the market is betting on which is if interest rates will be cut, Indian industry will continue to grow dramatically and money will continue to come in, all of which is not necessarily good for the IT sector, because that implies that the rupee will be stable if not stronger and there will be other sectors which will attract more attention.”
He further added, “The flipside of it is perhaps what is equally possible, but is not been factored in by the market that there will actually be a weaker rupee because of the fact that inflation will continue to remain up, that the rest of the globe will actually do much better and therefore the emerging market flows will be somewhat more tepid and to that extent with fewer or perhaps not as much FII flow coming into the country, the rupee will remain under pressure. Along with that of course is the question of what happens to the US market in particular, but global markets in terms of IT spend and I would think that in my view the second one is actually a reasonably high probability event in which case IT per se is a sector that one should look at for two reasons, one it obviously benefits from the weaker rupee, but it also benefits from the fact that there could be an uptake in the demand cycle in some parts of the world and to that extent the pressure that we have been seeing so far in terms of the slower growth of maybe 10-11 percent that the industry is likely to witness may actually go away and you may see a higher growth there.”
“In my view it is time at least to be if not neutral maybe slightly overweight on the IT sector and obviously companies like  Infosys   has been probably one of the worst hit, so if they do correct themselves in terms of being more aggressive in terms of growth it could be actually a great surprise over the next 12 months.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Indian markets are expected to remain volatile ahead of the expiry of derivatives on Thursday and given the anxiety over the so-called US "fiscal cliff" negotiations at a time of thin volumes. Developments in the US fiscal cliff talks are expected to especially affect software service exporters such as  Infosys   and  Tata Consultancy Services   .
Moneycontrol.com got Pankaj Pandey, Head Research at ICICIdirect.com to answer the stock queries readers sent us on our  Facebook page   as part of our KYI (Know Your Investment) initiative.
Below are his views on various stocks and sectors:
Nikhil Gupta: What is your view on  L&T  ?
Pandey: L&T has been the best performing index stock this year. It has delivered on the orderbook guidance. Maintain positive stance with a target price of Rs 1,840.
Rahul Kumar Sharma: What is your call on  Tata Motors  ?
Pandey: JLR continues to do well and also the product pipeline appears promising which is likely to sustain growth. On the domestic front LCV doing well but M&HCV and PV segment is struggling. JLR is likely to anchor performance going forward. It is buy and we are about to raise its target price.  
Madhavi Km: What about  Reliance Capital  ?
Pandey: The company businesses are at leadership positions like AMC, life insurance, etc however valuations remain muted.  Post the news expected on FDI in insurance, some upgrade happened and proceeds of stake sale. You can accumulate the stock at corrections at ~ Rs. 400-420 levels for strong returns over 1 year timeframe.
Kumar Vikas: Why is  ITC   falling continuously?
Pandey: The continuous fall in ITC is on account of FTSE global equity index rebalancing. FTSE reduced the free-float weightage in ITC to 24% from 75% leading to sale of approximately 36 million shares, worth USD 200 million on 20th December, 2012. This cut by FTSE Global Equity Index has had a sentimental impact on the stock leading to the continuous fall. The revision is a result of changes in the underlying shareholder ownership with no fundamental underlying reason; hence we continue to remain positive on the stock.
Jalaj Anand: Should I buy  J&K Bank   and  LIC Housing  ?
Pandey: Its credit is expected to grow at 20% levels for atleast 2-3 years to come. Its NIM of 3.9% is amongst the best in industry while its asset quality is stable with GNPA of 1.6% and NNPA of 0.2%. The valuations are cheap (1.1x FY14E consensus ABV) for the bank with attractive return ratios of RoA at 1.5%+ and RoE at 20%+. You can buy this stock
LICHF - Expected capital infusion via QIP (approximately Rs 1,200 crore), healthy demand for individual housing loans, steady asset quality and high return profile leave limited downside risk. Available at 1.8x FY15E ABV, you can buy this stock with a target price of Rs 340
Chiranjeevi Pannem: What about  BHEL  ?
Pandey: Visibility for order inflows and revenue growth has been a key area of concern for BHEL and it is here to stay at least in the medium term. Valuations are attractive compared to historical standards. Would advise to hold for long term with a positive bias  
Bax Nathani: What is your view on  Kingfisher Airlines  ?
Pandey: It is better to avoid since it is news flow driven. The company is struggling with severe liquidity crisis. The company is left with only 6-7 aircraft as most of the aircraft have been taken back by the lessors. Prefer  Jet Airways   and  Spicejet   with a target price of Rs 55 and Rs 710 respectively. ATF if get the declared good status, margins would improve substantially 
Vipul Joshi: What's your long-term target for  Tata Steel   and  BGR Energy  ?
Pandey: Would maintain a cautious view on the company’s overseas operations on account of global macro headwinds. Tata Steel Europe is likely to continue its subdued performance and is likely to be a drag on overall performance of the company. Though valuation wise it is cheap but still not a portfolio stock.  
On BGR, expect a flattish performance by the company over the next 15-18 months; hence the stock is not likely to go anywhere. The company has won good oderns but with weaker margins. Expect return ratios to deplete going ahead.  
Riyas Eruvath: What about  Apollo Tyres  ?
Pandey: Apollo Tyres remains a strong stock to own if one wants to play the auto ancillary space with strong earnings growth possibilities(CAGR approximately 35% FY12-14E) aided by both domestic and subsidiary business. However, recently since possible QIB announcement an overhang has been created of a possible approximately 15% earnings dilution. 
Gurmeet Sadiora: I have a 1,000 shares of  Punj Lloyd   at Rs 135. What should I do now?
Pandey: The performance is improving but unlikely that you would be able to recover your cost in the medium term
Krunal Thakkar: Should I buy gold at current level?
Pandey: Gold has delivered positive returns in the last 12 consecutive calendar years delivering 17% CAGR returns which is unprecedented for any asset class. What ever positive underlying factors for which generally Gold is bought for has either happened or is expected to happen like loss of faith in other asset classes, chase for safety, sharp Indian currency depreciation, non-performance of other asset classes, central bank buying etc. 
The simple laws of averages suggest that gold in all likelihoods may not deliver similar kind of return which it had delivered in the past. It is better to follow a SIP approach so as to accumulate at all levels rather than investing lumpsum at near all time high levels.
Setu Lagna Vadodara: What about  Sun Pharma  ?
Pandey: One the best performing and expensive stocks in the Pharma stocks. The company has delivered 51% growth in H1FY13 as against the 30-32% growth guidance. Good portfolio stock but expensive
Afroz Alam: I have 500 shares of  DB Realty   at Rs 52. What should I do now?
Pandey: Don’t track the stock, would prefer less leveraged players like Oberoi, Mahindra Life and Shobha in the real estate space
Arvind J Padature: I have 8,000 shares of  Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision   at Rs 3.33. Should I hold it? 
Pandey: The operating performance of the company remains weak with the company reporting loss in Q2FY13. Also, with no visibility of good movies in the near future, the view remains negative for Shree Ashtavinayak. You may exit the stock.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com advised ignoring TCS, Infosys,  Wipro   and HCL Tech for short term.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ TCS   and Infosys have certainly done better than the other stocks. In general, if you are a position trader I would say you should be considering TCS,  Infosys  , Wipro and  HCL Tech   depending on your choice. All four are in the same class for creating long positions here. There is also at least some correlation with the weakening rupee, but independently their corrections maybe coming to an end. But for short-term traders there is no opportunity just now.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Monal Desai of Sunidhi Securities has recommended buying  Infosys   around Rs 2,300 with a stoploss below Rs 2,285.
Desai told CNBC-TV18, “If you see fundamentally Infosys around Rs 2,300 makes a case for a decent buying. And what we have seen from the Futures and Options (F&O) space in the last two-three days, it was holding on to Rs 2,300 level and adding some amount of open interest on the long side. IT stocks will do some catch up and that is why we will probably see Infosys back to Rs 2,430-2,440 levels. So I have recommended a buy over there with a stop below Rs 2,285. This is a December weekly call.” 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Infosys is a good medium term bet, says Atul Badkar of Edelweiss Securities.
Badkar told CNBC-TV18, “Technology is been a tricky one. It has been quite volatile. In the entire IT packs the most active names are Infosys and  TCS  . Our house call is that  Infosys   is a good medium-term buy and we are recommending accumulating that stock on dips. So anything below Rs 2,350-2,300 is a good time to accumulate but you won’t see the stock moving immediately. I think it is more like a quarter or two.”
He further added, “TCS, we were looking at accumulating some stock between Rs 1,180 and Rs 1,200 range but it suddenly went back up to Rs 1,230. We missed that. But in the range between Rs 1,220 and Rs 1,240 is a good accumulation and its one stock that can give a quick return immediately because Rs 1,300 is very getable on TCS. But I do not think Infosys will be high beta name or its not going to give quick return. This is more like accumulate for three months and beyond. So by and large I would stick to TCS and Infosys. I will avoid  HCL Technologies   for the time being. It is not looking very good on the chart patterns so primarily stick to TCS.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vikrant Jadeja of Vibranttrades.com, Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking and Rajesh Jain of Religare Sec, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets. 
Vikrant Jadeja of Vibranttrades.com- 
Buy  Bata India   at Rs 900 for a target of Rs 925-930 and keep a stoploss of Rs 888
Buy  Infosys   at Rs 2270 for a target of Rs 2360-2380 and keep a stoploss of Rs 2250
Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking- 
Buy   DLF   December future at Rs 221-224 with a target of Rs 236 and keep a stoploss of Rs 218
Buy  Tata Power   December future at Rs 106-107 with a target of Rs 114 and keep a stoploss of Rs 104.50
Rajesh Jain of Religare Securities
Buy  IFCI   at Rs 35-35.50 with a target of Rs 40 and keep a stoploss at Rs 34.50
Buy  Larsen and Toubro   at current levels with a stoploss of Rs 1615 for a target of Rs 1720.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Ambareesh Baliga, Independent Analyst is negative on IT space.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "The last two-three quarters I have been negative on IT and continue to be so. Even this time I expect the results to disappoint, so I am still giving a sell on most of the IT stocks.  Infosys   anyway has been a sell for me since the last two-three quarters. I have also given a sell on TCS and HCL Technologies which have outperformed in the past few months. But at these levels they are good sells."
He further added, "Other than the capital goods, infrastructure names and the auto names which I have been giving in the past so many weeks and including banking, the new sector where I have turned bullish in the last two-three weeks is metals where I was bearish for the last close to a year plus. So there I am surely picking up the top ones. Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries and Steel Authority of India (SAIL), these are the three heavy weights which I will pick up at the current juncture because from here something like a Tata Steel I see a return of about 15-18 percent.  Hindalco   can go to levels of Rs 155-160 and SAIL should see levels above Rs 100."
"It has always been a buy on dip approach for  HDFC Bank   and  HDFC   for the last so many years and that continues even now because these stocks normally give you a return of anywhere between 20-22 percent year on year. So in case you see a dip it is surely a time to buy."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   today said its former US employee Satya Dev Tripuraneni has withdrawn his lawsuit against the company following "successful mediation".
Tripuraneni had reportedly filed a lawsuit in the Federal Court for the Northern District of California on August 2 accusing Infosys of harassing him after he blowed the whistle on the alleged abuse of US visa rules by the company.
Also read:  Infosys is number one for corp governance, says report  
"The Dev Tripuraneni lawsuit filed against the company has been withdrawn following successful mediation of the dispute", the Bangalore-headquartered firm said in a statement today.
"We can confirm that we reached an amicable settlement, without any admission of liability. This settlement enables us to avoid the costs and distraction associated with protracted litigation", it said.
No other details of the settlement were disclosed. 
On August 20, Infosys had said it prevailed in its defence of a lawsuit filed by one of its employees, Jack "Jay" Palmer.
A US court had dismissed the whistle-blower harassment charges against Indian IT major Infosys filed by Palmer as no basis to support any of the allegations were found.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				OSG Corporation, one of Japan's leading cutting tool manufacturers, today announced it has selected  Infosys   CommerceEdge to transform its legacy e-Commerce platform. The digital commerce platform will provide OSG with a robust merchandising support and offers a range of tools to engage with their customers through online and mobile channels, the city-headquartered firm said, adding, the Cloud-based platform will reduce operating costs by up to 40 per cent as compared to other available systems.
"This innovative platform gives us both the flexibility and functionality we need to make it easier for our customers to do business with us," Koji Sonobe, Managing Director, OSG Corp, said. "Better still is the fact that Infosys hosts and manages the CommerceEdge platform. So there are no incremental investments for OSG," he added.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Overseas direct investment by Indian companies rose by 13.6 per cent over the previous month to USD 2.31 billion in November, data from the Reserve Bank showed. Indian companies had invested USD 2.03 billion in October. A total of 430 deals were carried out by the Indian companies in November to carry out the outward foreign direct investment during the month, the RBI data showed.
Also Read:  Indian cos raised USD 4.29 bn from overseas markets in Oct  
 Infosys Ltd  , Videocon Oil Ventures, REI Agri and  Bharti Airtel   were among the major investors in terms of outward FDI. Infosys Ltd invested USD 207.14 million in its wholly owned subsidiary Lodestone Holding AG in Switzerland which is engaged in financial, insurance and real estate services. Videocon Oil Ventures invested USD 127 million in its wholly owned subsidiary Videocon Hydrocarbons Holdings in Cayman Islands. The company is into agriculture and mining business.
REI Agri invested USD 95.19 million in its wholly owned unit based in United Arab Emirates which is into manufacturing business. Bharti Airtel invested USD 80 million in its wholly owned unit Bharti Airtel International (Mauritius) which is engaged in transport, storage and communication services.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   said it has been awarded the number one spot globally for its corporate governance practices by IR Global Rankings (IRGR). IRGR is the most comprehensive technical ranking system for investor relations websites, corporate governance practices and financial disclosure procedures, according to the Bangalore-headquartered company.
Also Read:  Infosys FY13 revenue outlook under threat: UBS  
The 14th annual edition of the IRGR saw participation from more than 280 companies from 45 countries this year. In the global technology sector, IR Global Rankings awarded Infosys the number one spot for corporate governance and number two spot for its financial disclosures policies.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				
					Excerpts from After the Bell on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
					
				And in what could turn out to be a bonanza for the IT companies. The US government is likely to launch four big I-T deals. The deals are supposed to be worth USD 900 million, reports CNBC-TV18.
Also read:  Infosys ranks No. 1 for its corporate governance  
Of the deals on offer, the biggest chunk is expected to come from the healthcare sector. Big Indian I-T companies like  TCS  ,  Infosys  ,  HCL   Technology and  Mahindra   Satyam are expected to bid for the deals.  Mindtree  , Genpact's headstrong, iGate and  MphasiS   too are likely to participate.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Infosys today listed its shares at the New York Stock Exchange  . The company moved its shares from Nasdaq to NYSE. Speaking to CNBC-TV18.  Infosys  , CEO, Shibulal said the move is part of a wider strategy and also added that Paris and London listing is also in the offing.
Also read:  Infosys ADS starts trading on NYSE  
Below is the edited transcript of his interview to CNBC-TV18.
Q: Is this a mere coincidence, the fact that you have decided to list on 12-12-12?
A: This has been in the making for a while. It has been in discussion for the last 4-6 months. It is a good day to list. So, it happened on 12-12-12.
Q: What is the rationale behind the listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and moving out of NASDAQ? Infosys was the first Indian company to go for NASDAQ listing. Is this an indicator of a larger strategic shift for Infosys, the fact that you are moving out of the NASDAQ to the NYSE Euronext?
A: We had a great relationship with NASDAQ and great listing. We were the first Indian company to be listed on NASDAQ. It was extremely strategic for us. Today, our strategies have expanded. If you look at the Infosys 3.0 strategy, one of our focus area is continental Europe and it made perfect sense to actually get into a listing, which will allow us to enter the European markets. 
So, by being on NYSE, we now can do a Euronext, which will allow us to list in Paris and London without expanding our equity base. Now, this will give access to European investors. It will increase our trading window. It will allow us to create some strategic branding in Europe. So, in that sense this is about expanding our global brand and it is very much in line with our strategic direction.
Q: So the European markets then become strategically more important for Infosys?
A: We are looking at our strategic action of 3.0. It is about creating balanced portfolio. One of the balance, which we want to do is on the geographical portfolio itself. Today we get about 22 percent of our revenue from Europe. It is aspirational for us to grow that revenue faster. 
For example, we just invested through the Lodestone acquisition, so that is a European acquisition. It is our strategy to build a balanced portfolio. Geography is one dimension in which we want to build. So, in that sense, Europe is very strategic for us.
Q: So given that, would this actually lead to a listing on another European exchange? 
A: The first listing possibly will be in Paris. We are fully listed in US. So, the move from NASDAQ to NYSE is easier, because the regulatory regime is same. We now have to submit our forms for the European agency and in about six to eight weeks or slightly later, we are expecting to get listed in Paris, followed by a listing in London.
Q: There is a lot of concern about the climate and the fact that things continue to look extremely weak especially as far as December is concerned on account of a host of reasons. The view is that you are likely to miss that 5 percent guidance that you held out for the October to December quarter. How bad is it looking at this point in time?
A: In October, when we gave the guidance, our visibility for the rest of the year will be about 85 percent, because it is very much in-line with our yearly visibility in the beginning of the year, which is 65 percent. By the time we get to the middle of the year, that visibility improves to about 85-86 percent. This means that for the rest of the year we have a gap of about USD 500 million, which we need to make up through large deal wins, ramp ups, increase in the large clients and various other means. 
Some challenges emerged after October. For example, the number of furloughs, which we experienced, was more than what we expected. The length of the furloughs actually expanded in few cases. 
We saw a couple of client ramp downs. These are not secular in nature, not in one industry, geography, couple of client ramp downs, but material in nature. Lastly, Sandy also had an impact because our financial client base is mostly on the East coast. Sandy forced our clients to shut down from couple of days to couple of weeks. Simultaneously, our people were also not able to work. So that had an impact on the offshore programmes also. These challenges have emerged in the last few weeks. At the same time, we have about four months to go for the rest of the half. If the business velocity picks up it will allow us to address some of these challenges.
Q: Do you believe that we are going to see a better new year for Infosys given the challenges - Sandy is over and done with but besides that, do you see a pickup as far as deals are concerned?
A: It is slightly too early, because the budgets are not close. We expect the budget to close by February. Now the financial segment continues to be under stress. I read in a recent report that said that the financial segment is over employed by about close to 60,000 people and we are still experiencing layoff in financial services. Retail for example, will wait for the holiday season sales and manufacturing will also have a relationship with retail. So, in that sense, it will take maybe another six to eight weeks, but by the end of February we will have a much better view on the next year.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT major  Infosys   plans to roll out in about two years, its Rs 700-crore project that would help India Post transform its banking and insurance operations cross 150,000 post offices in the country. Infosys would implement and manage its flagship Finacle Core Banking and McCamish Insurance products to help India Post transform its banking and insurance operations - covering more than 200 million banking customers across urban and rural India, including a large base of insurance customers.
"We are expecting to roll out the project for India Post in 18-24 months. We will roll it out for 150,000 branches across 22 circles. It will change the way India Post operates at present," Infosys Vice-President and Head (India Business) Raghupathi N Cavale told reporters here. Speaking on the sidelines of 'INFOCOM 2012', he said the company is keen on developing similar projects for retail, health and education sectors.
"We are looking at mobility as a very strong theme," Cavale said. As per an agreement between Infosys and India Post, the two would embark on a transformational initiative, which encompassed financial services system integration. The project, estimated at Rs 700 crore, aimed to transform India Post into a technology-enabled and autonomous market leader, by revolutionising its financial operations and end-user services, according to an earlier statement by Infosys.
This was part of the 'India Post 2012' modernisation programme that aimed at bringing transparency, agility, flexibility and scalability to India Post's operations. Infosys would be also install 1,000 ATMs for India Post as part of this programme and implement an electronic content management system to manage millions of documents generated as part of India Post's financial operations.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Indian technology shares fall for a second day, with Cognizant's SEC filing clouding revenue outlook for the sector.
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp , in a filing to the SEC on Tuesday, said its top executives will receive 100 percent of their performance-linked shares if the company achieves revenue of USD 8.5 billion next year, a 16 percent rise over its projected 2012 revenue.
The filing implies that CY13 growth would be lower than the company's outlook for CY12.
"Based on historical trends, Cognizant's annual guidance corresponds with revenue growth corresponding to 100 percent of performance units," IDFC said in a note.
Barclays Capital, however, feels that while Cognizant may see a slowdown, it does not pose an incremental risk to Barclays' FY14 growth forecasts of 15 percent for  TCS   and 13 percent for HCL Tech.
"Cognizant's growth premium to Indian IT vendors has diminished in the past two years due to its larger revenue and growth base," Barclays Capital said in a note.
An additional negative may come from the rupee. Credit Agricole believes the government winning the vote on foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail will continue to help rupee. It expects the rupee could rise to 52 per dollar by end 2013.
 Infosys   down 2.4 percent, Tata Consultancy Services is down 2 percent, while  HCL Technology   is down 2.1 percent.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Indian IT major  Infosys   will make way for global social networking giant Facebook on the Nasdaq 100, a key US stock market index, effective December 12. Infosys is the only Indian company to figure on Nasdaq 100, where it was included six years ago in December 2006, and its imminent exit from the benchmark index follows the IT giant's announcement last week to shift its listing to NYSE.
Nasdaq said in a statement that Facebook would become a component of the NASDAQ-100 Index, the NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index, and the NASDAQ-100 Technology Sector Index prior to market open on Wednesday, December 12, 2012. On all these indices, Facebook will replace Infosys Ltd. Prior to its inclusion to Nasdaq 100 index, Infosys had become the first Indian company to get listed on Nasdaq in 1999. However, it has now decided to trasfer its Nasdaq-listed American Depositary Shares (ADS) to another American bourse, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), and is also planning to get listed on Paris and London exchanges.
An ADS is a US dollar-denominated equity share of a foreign-based company available for purchase on an American stock exchange. Infosys ADS will begin trading on the NYSE Euronext markets in the US under the ticker symbol 'INFY' on December 12, 2012, a company statement said. Until the transfer is complete, Infosys ADS will continue to trade in the US under the ticker symbol 'INFY' on the NASDAQ, it added. The Facebook stock has lost a significant value since its much hyped public listing in May this year.
Facebook Inc, headquartered in Menlo Park, California, has a market capitalisation of around USD 29.7 billion (Rs 1,62,000 crore). However, when the company went public, its market value was about USD 104 billion. Bangalore headquartered Infosys Ltd has a market capitalisation of Rs 1,37,241 crore. Reacting to the development, shares of Infosys lost 2.48 per cent and fell to an intra-day low of Rs 2,369 on the BSE. The stock finally ended the day at Rs 2,390, lower by 1.62 per cent on the BSE.
The social networking firm, which was founded eight years ago by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students, at present has around 1 billion users across the world.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													The IT sector, as a whole, has been laggard in performance. On Tuesday, IT giant  Infosys   received a downgrade after it fell nearly 2 percent in early morning trade after Cowen & Co cut its rating on the stock to 'neutral' from 'outperform'. Moshe Katri, MD, Cowen & Co explains on CNBC-TV18 that a survey of the Indian IT sector indicated that the IT giant's management lacked initiative was hampened by a rise in the market share of global rivals in India and was unable to cope with a lackluster economy.
Below is an edited transcript of the analysis on CNBC-TV18
Q: What are your key concerns on Infosys and what does the rating downgrade imply in terms of a renewed price target or earnings expectation?
A: On Tuesday we published our Offshore & IT Spending Survey for 2013. From a larger perspective, we have observed a stronger intensity in spending plans for customers looking into next year. 
For Infosys, the specific reason for a downgrade has to do with the way they ranked in two-to-three parameters. Infosys scored poorly in the parameter of existing clients' intention to spend with Infosys versus tier-I offshore rivals. 
Infosys is still not getting enough traction to be able to initiate that recovery in revenue growth that was hoped for. Another trend that we estimate to be worrisome to the entire tier-I offshore sector based in India is the continued gain in marketshare by global IT services companies in a host of categories.
Even in pricing, where tier-I offshore vendors continued to do well vis-à-vis the global vendors, the domestic IT sector has lost ground comparatively in terms of client-perception to global IT service vendors. 
With global IT services vendors being perceived as economical as the tier-I offshore vendors based out of India, it means that the competitive landscape will continue to intensify.
Q: What do you think is leading to this loss of comparative edge with new clients and existing clients in Infosys and would the company have to sacrifice pricing to even maintain growth in volume at acceptable levels?
A: Pricing is probably one of the few parameters which  for the past eight years has been very stable on our survey. I believe that whether Infosys decides to sustain its margins or prices, is directly related to the management’s decision- what the management decides to do and whether it feels comfortable that the restructuring process is going to ultimately gain that traction which is currently absent.
So at this point there are no indications that Infosys is sacrificing prices or changing its pricing policy in order to gain share.
So I believe that Infosys needs to start focusing on things a bit differently. And I think that ultimately it  will regain that traction, but our survey does not indicate that it will happen anytime atleast in the next three-to-six months.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Shares of  Infosys  , the second largest software services exporter in India, dropped 2 percent on Wednesday as the IT bellwether will not be a part of Nasdaq 100 with effect from next Wednesday.
"Facebook Inc announced that it will become a component of the NASDAQ-100 Index, the NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index, and the NASDAQ-100 Technology Sector Index prior to market open on December 12, 2012. Facebook Inc. will replace Infosys Limited," Reuters said.
The stock lost 3 percent in last five consecutive sessions, underperforming the BSE IT Index as well as Sensex. The Sensex gained 3 percent and IT Index slipped 1.6 percent in five days. 
Since the close of September 14, 2012, the stock shed 10 percent. At 10:22 hours IST, Infosys fell 1.97 percent to Rs 2,389.50 on the National Stock Exchange. Market capitalisation of the company currently stands at Rs 137,212.84 crore.
Also ReadMultibaggers: Tulsian picks First Leasing, Nahar SpinningHouseviews: 4 stocks likely to be in news todayBull's Eye: Buy Suzlon, Suven, Reliance Power, Unitech  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT major  Infosys   is transferring its NASDAQ-listed American Depositary Shares (ADS) to the New York Stock Exchange and is also  planning to list them on the Paris and London exchanges  .
At the end of September quarter, Infosys had 6.67 crore  ADS representing 11.62 per cent of its total number of shares, according to BSE data. An ADS is a US dollar-denominated equity share of a foreign-based company available for purchase on an American stock exchange.
Infosys ADS will begin trading on the NYSE Euronext markets in the US under the ticker symbol 'INFY' on December 12, 2012, a company statement said. Until the transfer is complete, Infosys ADS will continueto trade in the US under the ticker symbol 'INFY' on the NASDAQ, it added.
Infosys ADS had closed at USD 44.66 apiece on NASDAQ yesterday. "We thank NASDAQ for the support and partnership we received from them as we took the Infosys brand to the global market. We look forward to a strong and long engagement with NYSE Euronext," Infosys CEO and MD S D Shibulal said in a statement. 
"Our decision to transfer our American Depositary Shares listing to NYSE is motivated by a desire to leverage the NYSE Euronext partnership to empower our investor base, increase access to our stock for European investors and broaden the trading window available for our global investors," Shibulal said.
"Once the separate Euronext listing process is complete, Infosys ADS will begin trading on the NYSE Euronext markets in Paris and London," the statement said. The NYSE Euronext listing will not change Infosys float,share/ADR count and capital structure, it said. 
"We welcome the company's decision to transfer its listing to the NYSE. Infosys will benefit greatly from our leading global community, superior visibility platform, and innovative market structure and technology," NYSE Euronext CEO Duncan Niederauer said. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Out performing some of biggest names in IT,  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) has emerged as the poster boy in the country. N Chandrasekaran, CEO, TCS, has been credited for transforming TCS  India's largest IT services company into an even bigger juggernaut. CNBC-TV18 chats exclusively with N Chandrasekaran to find out his success formula. 
Below is the edited transcript of his interview to CNBC-TV18.
"All our initiatives are coming out of this paradigm," says N Chandrasekaran. 
The 48-year old CEO recently won the stations Asia Business Leader Award admits that the turbulent business environment has made the job harder.
"There have been a large number of uncertainties; there have been issues with respect to economy, natural calamities, issues of different kinds, and coping with them is probably one of the biggest challenges," says N Chandrasekaran. 
A company man for the past 25 years, Chandra has been known by its employees to streamline TCS into a sleek machine, restructuring this behemoth into 23 vertical-led units, improving decision making down the line and making each unit more accountable.
"In terms of number of people, TCS is a very large company, with about 2,50,000 professionals. I felt the need to have lot of agility. My view was that we can respond to the market better, be agile and grow if we have a mini organization setup with around 5,000 to 8,000 employees, a CEO, CFO and HR officers as a management team that can run the unit efficiently," says Chandrasekaran. 
Chandrasekaran also chased new markets such as small and medium sized enterprises. 
Chandrasekaran: But we quite didn’t know how to chase small and medium sized enterprises.
Q: Why was that?
Chandrasekaran: Because our company serves the Fortune 500, Fortune 1000 companies so all our customers are leaders in their respective industry. The deal sizes become very smaller when we go to small and medium business.
Q: You need to come up with different business models?
Chandrasekaran: Yes.
Q: Like what?
Chandrasekaran: There are some problems. Small and medium enterprise doesn't have money to invest - they don't like large capex, they cannot attract people and anyone who serves that market typically has a solution for large enterprises or kind of downsizes those solutions to offer it to small and medium businesses. 
Considering all these factors we though if we can come up with the cloud model where we can have a standardised set of solutions for small and medium businesses on an operating cash flow basis then it would be attractive.
Under his leadership TCS' market value has doubled since 2009 and revenue jumped 24 percent in 2011 to USD 10 billion, outperforming its closest rival  Wipro   and  Infosys  .
Q: Despite global volatility, TCS has managed to post strong growth and earnings when there are question marks about technology spending coming from the US and Europe. How have you mitigated the headwinds, what are you doing right?
Chandrasekaran: The customer segment that we operate they are going through tough times, but at the same time they are investing in technology primarily due two reasons; first, they are revenue efficiencies and typically driving efficiency involves investing in technology to get better returns. Second, the rate of change in technology is dramatic. 
Technologies like cloud paradigm, mobility and big data are fast evolving and it becomes extremely important for companies to re-imagine their businesses, processes in light of these technologies. So we are aligning ourselves with these two requirements and that’s throwing up a lot of opportunities and resulting in growth.
Q: Your rivals have expressed concerns about the outlook. Do you think you can continue to outperform the industry?
Chandrasekaran: I don't like to predict about our out performance but we will do that. The tax spending will continue, the overall pie of the tech industry is increasing. Second, what we do as a company within that market continues to expand because we are investing in new areas and investing innovation or creating new capabilities what we are able to do today is definitely different and these things are driving growth fast.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   2300 Put at Rs 30, says VK Sharma, HDFC Securities.
Sharma told CNBC-TV18, "If you were to look at in the heavyweights then Infosys still stands out. You did see short positions being build, they exceeded by more than 2 percent and the stock went down by 1 percent."
He further added, "I am suggesting buying 2,300 Put at Rs 30. So any rise the Put premium would come down and therefore one can use to build short positions by Puts in Infosys. My target here is Rs 70 for this Put with a stop loss at Rs 15."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Short  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "What happened was Infosys broke down below a very strong Rs 2300 support yesterday. Now since the Nifty also was a little awkward yesterday may be that support, breakdown was a one day event, may be it will find some levels again."
He further added, "It had to go below Rs 2300 tells us that the stock is not doing anything good. So if the broad market suggests choppiness or suggests mild weakness, technology will have a big decline. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) also has already done the same, it has broken down. So Infosys is a short selling idea today. If there is a mild rally, sell into that rally."
" Oil and Natural Gas Corporation   (ONGC) had a sharp decline after that it had a rally. That rally was literally forced to stop at the Rs 270 resistance level, it couldn’t cross Rs 270.”
“Earlier it was in a trading range, we used to say it comes to Rs 260 and goes to Rs 295. This time Rs 260-270 area became a resistance level. It is sliding again, its amazing how good chart pattern can eventually become bearish but that’s what exactly ONGC has done. There is a short selling opportunity here and probably lower levels are coming even for the positional trader."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys  ' dollar revenue growth outlook of 5 percent for the year ending March 2013 could be under threat, Chief Executive S.D. Shibulal was attributed as saying by UBS in an investor meet.
Customer deferrals, ramp-downs in a few large projects, delays in large deal closures and longer-than-expected client shutdowns due to Hurricane Sandy, especially in the manufacturing sector, may cause threat to outlook, says a UBS note.
UBS says not surprised by potential outlook cut, but fears its own revenue forecast for company at 3.8 pct may be hurt as it had not factored impact of Hurricane Sandy.
"Our conversation with Infosys reinforces our concerns on near-term pressures on guidance. This is likely to impact stock price over the near term, but we see limited downside from current levels given the low expectations and cheaper valuations," says the note.
Nomura says possibility of an organic revenue growth outlook cut in the third quarter of current fiscal year remains high. It prefers companies with current business momentum like HCL Technologies, Cognizant Technology Solutions and Tata Consultancy Services.
UBS, Nomura both retain "Neutral" rating on Infosys stock. Shares fall 0.6 percent.
An Infosys spokeswoman does not have an immediate comment.
The NSE's IT index has fallen 2.73 percent in last two days after a Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp filing with the SEC raised concerns about its 2013 revenue outlook.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com is of the view that one should not buy Infosys. “In the retail space, one can see Shopper Stop, the chart pattern suggests much more upside,” he adds. Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ Infosys   has been a disappointment, like today’s market. We do not go and buy these stocks. Infosys should have broken out of a trading range, it failed to do so.  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) has weakened and the CNX-IT index itself is very weak. So we stay away from Infosys. Again it is not a short sell but we do not need to put our neck in and try to time the market, just do not buy it.” He further added, “In retail, the only stock, I can think of is Shopper’s Stop. That stock has very good chart. The chart pattern suggests much more upside than where it is looking at now. The rest are speculative, they will keep on going up and down. As you will keep on telling us the news of what happens in the Rajya Sabha (RS) today and tomorrow, these stocks will also be sort of gyrating, they should not be touched.  Shopper’s Stop   is a long-term or a positional trade on a long side. None of the retail stocks should be touched for day trading.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   can re-test Rs 2,275 , says Hemant Thukral, National Head-Derivative Desk, Aditya Birla Money.
Thukral told CNBC-TV18, "Yesterday we have seen first signals coming in that shorts have been started to built up in IT stocks, both Wipro and Infosys have seen shorts. Infosys in particular has seen around 9 percent fresh open interest on the short side."
He further added, "Importantly what is crucial is that it was holding that Rs 2,410-2,415 levels very well. Yesterday it has closed well below it now. So clearly giving first signals that maybe the counter is getting again weak, we expect it to re-test around Rs 2,275 which is a 100 points dip from here but traders have to keep a stop loss. So any move above Rs 2,340 back above that, I think one should cut the short positions but definitely it is a counter where one can go with fresh shorts today."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Prakash Diwan, Prakash Diwan's Wealth Circle is upbeat on  RIL  ,  Infosys   and  Natco Pharma  .Diwan told CNBC-TV18, “I believe you could probably see the likes of  Cairn India  ,  ITC  . The auto pack might not overwhelmingly participate in this, but the banking majors like  Axis Bank  ,  ICICI Bank   and even RIL for that matter. We are expecting a lot of steam from RIL to participate in this rally and maybe to some extent Infosys coming back of it and getting back into its number two slot. So those are the heavyweights which could bring the Nifty up and you would see below this cross the entire midcap activity also kind of taking some very new highs in terms of volumes particularly. It will be much more broader and much more deeper in terms of volumes.”He further added, “From the pharma space we like Natco Pharma. We have had a call on  Mahindra Holiday Resorts   that is again an offbeat kind of stock but very promising. Amongst the midcap IT space  Hexaware  . So these are the stocks which could give you much better returns in the market which could just jump maybe 5 percent and you have 6000 on the Nifty, but these are stocks which could be in double digit kind of returns very soon.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com, Arunesh Madan of Founder and Director of Augment Investment Pvt ltd and Rajesh Jain of EVP Retail Research, Religare Sec , place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
For last two months  Infosys   was facing resistance near to Rs 2400 but yesterday it broke this resistance with higher volumes. So, now we may see further upmove. The stock can test Rs 2475 in next one or two trading sessions. One can buy it with a stop loss of Rs 2393.
 
Arunesh Madan, Founder and Director of Augment Investment Pvt ltd
 Opto Circuits   has formed an engulfing bullish pattern on the hourly candlestick charts in yesterday’s trade along with a positive divergence on the RSI indicator. The MACD (moving average convergence/divergence) indicator has also given a buy signal. Look to buy this stock at the current market price, keep a stop loss below the Rs 95 levels on a closing basis and going forward we can expect a level of Rs 105-108 in the coming days.
 Mahindra and Mahindra   has formed an engulfing bearish pattern on the daily candlestick charts in yesterday’s trade along with a big negative divergence on the RSI indicator. We will look to short this stock on any pullback in the range of Rs 935-940 keeping a stop loss above the Rs 960 levels and going forward we can expect a target of Rs 900 and Rs 875 in the coming days.
 
Rajesh Jain, EVP Retail Research, Religare Securities
 Hindustan Unilever   has been in a strong up trend this year and has formed an all time high level close to Rs 580. Now, it has seen a good correction from those higher levels and is ready to move higher after the consolidation. One can buy the stock near Rs 528-530 range keeping a stop loss of closing below Rs 520 for higher target of Rs 563 plus in coming days.
 Gujarat State Petronet   has been in a down trend for the last two months and has lost close to 6 percent in November itself. It is moving in a downward channel. One can short the stock at any resistance near Rs 71-72 levels keeping a closing stop loss of Rs 74 for a target of Rs 65 in coming days. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Som Mittal, president, NASSCOM says he expects IT sector growth in double digits. "We had given a guidance that we will have a growth of 11-14 percent this year. Our review, after six months, is that we will still be in double digits. We will still be in double digits and probably closer to the lower end of our guidance, 11 percent," he adds.
Also read:  Infosys bags about USD 50m deal from MCA  
Below is the edited transcript of his interview with CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Ekta Batra.
Q: You are expecting a growth of around 9-11 percent. Can you give us the likely trends that you are seeing at this point in time within the IT space? Where do you expect growth to close up in FY13?
A: We had given a guidance that we will have a growth of 11-14 percent this year. Our review, after six months, is that we will still be in double digits. So, it is not 9-11 percent. We will still be in double digits and probably closer to the lower end of our guidance, 11 percent. 
It is clear that the economies continue to be uncertain. There is turmoil. The visibility is less, but there are some factors which continue to drive growth. One, it is clear that companies are looking at transforming their business models. As they do that, technology is the centerpiece of that transformation because that is what will drive the changes that they are making. 
Second, we have drivers like convergence of mobile, social media, cloud coming in together. I think that is also driving business for us. In the first two quarters, we have seen many companies do extremely well in terms of getting both new clients and increasing their penetration in the existing and new customers. 
Also, over the last three to four years, after the downturn started in 2008, companies started diversifying their geographical base as well as the verticals that they were in. Our analysis shows that, in the last four years, the new emerging verticals are now 16 percent of the pie as compared to 13 percent that it used to be on a smaller base. Similarly, new geographies contribute fairly large percentage now of their business. That means they are diversifying beyond US and Europe as well. So, I think those are the drivers for the industry.
Q: What about billing? Even if you get volume-wise business growth of about 11 percent, will it mean in revenue terms a little lower?
A: This is not by effort, this is by dollar revenue. In this, we embedded the fact that we have about 20 percent of our business that comes from what we call Global In-house Centers (GICs). In many of those corporations, there has been a worldwide freeze. Infact we were probably expecting a lower growth rate, sub-10 percent growth rate in the GICs, which is bringing it down. 
But in dollar terms, we will continue to see growth. The outlook for 2013, as we see right now, the trend seems positive. I think the pipeline is good. We are seeing some large contracts coming in. I think that should augur well for the industry.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   has signed USD 50 million contract with Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) for 5 years, reports CNBC-TV18.
At 09:29 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 2,355, down Rs 19.80, or 0.83%. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 2,365 and an intraday low of Rs 2,349.60.  It was trading with volumes of 7,068 shares. In the previous trading session, the share closed down 1.02% or Rs 24.40 at Rs 2,374.80.  The share touched its 52-week high Rs 2,990 and 52-week low Rs 2,101.65 on 22 February, 2012 and 26 July, 2012, respectively. Currently, it is trading 21.24% below its 52-week high and 12.05% above its 52-week low. Market capitalisation stands at Rs 135,231.74 crore. 
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Sep, 2012). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 518.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 4.55. The dividend yield of the company was 2%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   has won a five-year contract from Ministry of Corporate Affairs worth about USD 50 million to implement its e-governance solution MCA 21 v2. The MCA 21 v2 is a continuation of the existing MCA 21 project. "The company will provide services, application support, and infrastructure operations for at least five years in a contract valued at approximately USD 50 million," Infosys said in a statement.
Infosys will revamp the existing application after the transition from the incumbent vendor and manage the overall transformation to MCA21 v2. The project was earlier being handled by  TCS  . "By January, we will transitioning out of the present portal...The full transformation should be done in about 8-9 months and then we will maintain it for about five years,"
Infosys VP and Head (India Business) CN Raghupathi said. The MCA21 project introduced electronic filing, doing away with the need for the filing of paper-based records among its Registrars of Companies and Regional Directors.
National Institute of Smart Government CEO Sanjiv Mital said, "MCA21 is a transformational program which brought a lot of efficiency and enabled businesses in India. We expect the next phase of MCA21 to enhance the current solution and establish a model for what we like to call the 'Transition and Transformation of Technology and Partner within Public-Private Deals'."
Recently, Infosys had been selected by the Department of Posts for its Rs 700 crore project to help India Post transform its banking and insurance operations cross 1.5 lakh post offices in the country.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				President Barack Obama has won a second term, fending off his Republican challenger Mitt Romney. 
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, S Gopalakrishnan, co-founder and executive co-chairman of  Infosys   and N Chandrasekaran, chief executive officer of  TCS   speack about what Obama's resounding victory means for the US economy, India and the IT sector. 
Also read:  Next 12 months to be better than last for IT sector, says TCS  
Below is the edited transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18. 
Q: We are hearing so much positive commentary suddenly from the Indian IT industry on Obama being reelected, despite the fact that this was the administration that went hammer and tongs against outsourcing. Now, all of you are saying this is business as usual. Is it also business as usual as far as the visa issue goes? This administration is the one that hiked the visa fees. Your margins have already taken a hit. Yet the industry is saying Obama is good for business.
Gopalakrishnan: We will work with them. You are not going to get everything positive, but this is something which we will definitely work through the industry bodies and try and convince them that they have to look at reducing the visa fees. 
If you look at our own situation, some of the reasons why margins have come down are because of utilisation levels. Utilisation level, in the last quarter, was around 72 percent, excluding trainees. That means that from a normal utilization of 78-79 percent we are 6-7 percent lower. It means on the margin side we are actually impacted by 3-4 percent. Those are some of the reasons why there is pressure on margins and pressure on cost today. 
Also read:  See stable pricing ahead; eyeing acquisitions, says Cognizant  
Q: Would you agree with Gopalakrishnan, when he says that it’s going to be business as usual, as far as the Indian IT industry is concerned? We did see a lot of threat of legislative action against off shoring and outsourcing, but none of that actually came through. What do the next four years then mean for India and for the IT industry?
Chandrasekaran: From India perspective and from a world perspective, it is going to be a good focus on the economic agenda. There will be a recovery. I do expect that the US recovery is happening. It will get better now. There will be a lot of focus on jobs growth. 
I think the technology industry is central to the way the companies will look at growth. So, there will be a lot of job opportunities for the technology sector. For Indian companies, I think we are very well positioned to partner with American companies and help them in their journey, which will eventually result in jobs growth both in India and in the United States and in other parts of the world.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) today acquired a total of nearly 29 lakh shares in eight companies, including  Infosys  ,  Adani Power   and  Essar Ports  , for over Rs 352 crore.
RBS also bought scrips in  SKS Microfinance  ,  Glenmark Pharma  ,  Adani Ports  ,  Anant Raj Industries   and  Tata Motors's   differential voting rights shares.
The shares were sold by ABN Amro Bank through various block deals.
According to information available with the stock exchanges, Royal Bank of Scotland Asia Merchant Bank Singapore Ltd bought a total of 28.82 lakh scrips in eight companies for Rs 352.58 crore.
Individually, RBS acquired 3.29 lakh scrips in Infosys for Rs 78.70 crore. The bank bought 1.2 crore shares of Adani Power in a deal worth Rs 58.41 crore and 40.8 crore scrips in Essar Ports for Rs 41.61 crore.
Besides, RBS purchased 8.15 lakh shares worth Rs 35.73 crore in Glenmark Pharma and it also bought 22.50 lakh shares for Rs 25.53 crore in SKS Microfinance. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				After Tatas,  Infosys   founder Narayana Murthy today said he has not given donation to Arvind Kejriwal for political activities and had declined a request from him for financial assistance two months ago. Murthy had in 2008 agreed to give Kejriwal's Public Cause Research Foundation Rs 25 lakh per year for five years and brought Tata Social Welfare Trust on board to donate an equal amount for the same period to raise awareness about RTI. "When Kejriwal approached me in September 2012 asking for financial assistance, I declined. Hence I have not financially supported Kejriwal's political activities," Murthy said in a statement. 
After splitting with Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement, Kejriwal has announced the setting up of a political party to fight corruption and bring in change. In the statement, Murthy said Kejriwal approached him in 2008 seeking funds for instituting awards to recognise the efforts of officials, NGO and public in the field of RTI. "I sent Rs 25 lakh for 2008 and 2009 and Rs 37 lakh for 2010 and Rs 25 lakh for 2011," he said, adding the additional funds of Rs 12 lakh in 2010 were required to give extra awards, for honouring families RTI activists who were murdered and travel costs of awardees. 
"However, Kejriwal wrote to me in May 2011 that the Secretariat of the Foundation was busy in drafting Jan Lokpal Bill and that they would not be able to have the awards in 2011. He also asked me whether it was OK to use this amount of Rs 25 lakh towards the secretarial expenses of the Jan Lokpal Bill effort," he said. Murthy said he agreed to his request as he believed that the country needed a "moderate but effective" Lokpal Bill. However, Tatas said yesterday it refused to accept the request and PCRF returned the grant of Rs 25 lakh for the year 2011. There have been no further grants from TSWT to the foundation, the statement said.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Six major Indian companies, including  Bharti Airtel  ,  Infosys   and  Tata Consultancy Services  , have made the cut in list of 20 'Most In Demand Employers' compiled by professional network LinkedIn.
Besides, Wipro Technologies, HCL Technologies and Mahindra Satyam have also found a place in the list, which is topped by Accenture.
The professional network said in India, telecom player Bharti Airtel is the seventh most sought-after company among professionals on LinkedIn.
This was followed by Infosys at eighth spot and Tata Consultancy Services at the ninth place.
Wipro Technologies was 11th, followed by HCL Technologies 13th and Mahindra Satyam 14th.
LinkedIn analysed a large number of companies and published the list among its 175 million members.
"The three companies of Indian origin that feature in the top 10 list of most InDemand employers... are testimony to the increased importance of developing and maintaining employer brand by Indian corporates," it said.
Among others in the top five are Hewlett Packard, Oracle, IBM and Microsoft.
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Vodafone, Deloitte, Amazon, Adobe, Cisco are the others featuring in the list. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking, Vikrant Jadeja of Vibrant Trades and Rajeev Agarwal of  www.dynamixresearch.in  , place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking
Buy  Coal India  . The stock has been moving in a downward sloping channel over the past couple of trading sessions and is on the very of giving a breakout on the upside. We recommend buying Coal India above Rs 356, place a stop loss at Rs 351 and trade bullish for a target of Rs 365 over the next 4-6 trading sessions. 
Buy  Infosys  . Stock has given a clear bullish engulfing pattern on Friday’s trading session and post that we have seen a decline towards the support level of Rs 2300. Buy in the range of Rs 2310-2320, place a stop loss at Rs 2280 and trade bullish for a target of Rs 2420 in the next 6-8 trading sessions. 
 
Vikrant Jadeja of Vibrant Trades
Buy  Coal India  . We may see a breakout on upside in this counter in near future. Buy it around Rs 354 with stop loss of Rs 350 on closing basis, expect a target of Rs 363-365 in next 3-4 trading sessions. 
Buy  ICICI Bank  . In this counter we have seen a continuous selling pressure in last 7-8 trading sessions, it seems that now selling pressure has been exhausted and now stock is ready to move up. Buy it around Rs 1026, maintain a stop loss of Rs 1015 on closing basis, expect a target of Rs 1043-1055 in next 3-4 trading sessions.
Rajeev Agarwal of  www.dynamixresearch.in  
Buy  Sun TV Network  . On daily chart it has given a strong breakout above Rs 375 so one can buy with a stop loss below Rs 355 for targets of Rs 400-405 in short term. 
Buy  Ashok Leyland  . After a strong rally it is now giving pull back near its breakout level of Rs 25. So one can buy it in the range of Rs 25 with stop loss below Rs 23 and hold for targets of Rs 28-30 in short-term. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   on dips, says Hemant Thukral, National Head-Derivative Desk, Aditya Birla Money.
Thukral told CNBC-TV18, "There is a purpose in giving Infosys. The reason is what we saw on Friday. The stock spiked and between 3.00 pm and 2.30 pm due to the market conditions came down but overall data is suggesting that the cost has started to move up and people are looking to cut down their shorts."
He further added, "It is one of the rare counters in the market where there are still outstanding shorts to the tune of 16 percent. So I do not see Infosys dipping below Rs 2,280. So any dip in the market should be utilized as a buying opportunity, closer the Rs 2,300, the better it is and keep a stop loss of Rs 2,280. On the higher side, I feel Rs 2,386 to Rs 2,395 should be kept as a target where the stock can feel some resistance."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking, Vikrant Jadeja of Vibrant Trades and Rajeev Agarwal of  www.dynamixresearch.in  , place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking
Buy  Infosys   November futures. The chart structure shows a good strong bullish engulfing pattern near to very strong support level of Rs 2300. We recommend buying the November futures in the range of Rs 2330-2335, place a stop loss at Rs 2295 and trade bullish for a target of Rs 2420 in the next 6-8 trading sessions. 
Sell  Yes Bank  . The banking stocks have not been doing too well over the past few trading sessions and Yes Bank specifically has a very strong bearish engulfing pattern. Going forward, expect the stock to move lower. Sell the stock November futures in the range of Rs 416-419, place a stop loss at Rs 426 and trade bearish for a target of Rs 400. 
 
Vikrant Jadeja of Vibrant Trades
Buy  Bajaj Electricals  . We have seen this stock has fallen from the levels of Rs 233 to Rs 192 and now has been consolidated in a range and now it is ready to move up. Buy Bajaj Electricals at current market price with stop loss of Rs 195 on closing basis and expect target of Rs 225 in next 5-6 trading sessions. 
Buy  Welspun Corp  . Total traded volume in last one session in this counter has been highest in last one year. Two third of this total traded volume has been contributed by the total deliverable volumes which indicates some informed buying is there in this counter. Buy it at current market price with stop loss of Rs 99.5 on closing basis, expect a target of Rs 115 and next target of Rs 120 in next 6-7 trading sessions. 
 
Rajeev Agarwal of  www.dynamixresearch.in  
Market is in a downside correcting mode and after this correction market should move to new high of this rally by December end to mid January. So buy on  Welspun Corp  , after strong accumulation it is now showing strength. So one can buy it with a stop loss below Rs 99 and hold for target of Rs 114-124 in short-term. 
Buy  Rural Electrification Corporation   (REC) with a stop loss below Rs 215 and target of Rs 234 and Rs 250 by December end and mid January.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   has the potential to move to around Rs 2420- Rs 2450 levels. It can be one of the picks which one can look at, says Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking.
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, "Within the Nifty stocks, Infosys has given a clear reversal pattern. If we see the daily charts will see a strong bullish engulfing pattern. Yesterday the stock actually gave a break-down and today there is a clear reversal which has been seen. Going forward Infosys can be one of the picks which one can look at. The stock has the potential to move up to around Rs 2420- Rs 2450 level. So, another Rs 50 to Rs 70 on the upside is what I expect in case of Infosys."
He further added, " Reliance Industries  ' chart structure still shows that stock is still in a strong sideways range. It has not broken down substantially. Even if it is gone below the support level of Rs 800 the volumes are not convincing for someone to go short and once the market starts moving up, Reliance will start giving good moves on the upside so, I would remain bullish on Reliance. I would place a stop loss of around Rs 778 and go long in the stock. I think that the stock can move to around Rs 810-Rs 815 in the near future."
Disclosures: It is possible that we have positions in the stocks discussed and we may have recommended them to our clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one can buy  Tata Motors   on dips. In the IT space, long term investor can buy Infosys, TCS, Wipro and HCL Technologies.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “Tata Motors is a buy on dips. Every time there is a small dip you buy it. But this is not a dip. I think I would take profits. Wait again for these inevitable opportunities to come. The trade in Tata Motors is always to go long, it is not a short selling idea and I expect it to continue its rally.
He further added, “The four IT majors,  Infosys  ,  TCS  ,  Wipro   as well as HCL Tech - all have very attractive charts. The CNX-IT index itself suggests that it is bottoming out and ready to begin an upmove. So there is a very clear contradiction between what the charts are suggesting and what the market is doing today. Generally the charts prove themselves over the long run, so I would be a buyer in these stocks.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Nimish Joshi, IT analyst, CLSA explains to CNBC-TV18 that  TCS   was downgraded to 'sell' due to a mismatch between the Street's expectations and reality. The analyst also recommends bet on  Infosys   and  HCL   on low expectations and strong quarterly results.
Below is an edited transcript of the analysis on CNBC-TV18.
Q1: In today's note you have downgraded  TCS  . You had an 'underperform' rating on TCS. Why have you issued the call now to 'sell'? What prompted it?  How are investors reacting to your 'underperformer/sell’ call on TCS, because the earnings have been very strong? Are they willing to let go off the stock and exit it?
A: We issued this in today's report - Fit For the Future. It essentially has three key points and I will explain the framework used while downgrading TCS. Firstly, we think revenue growth is going to be challenged and a company as big as TCS, though I must admit it has done spectacularly well, I think going ahead there could be a mismatch between reality and the Street’s expectations. To grow at high levels level requires a lot of sacrifice and in last two-to-three quarters TCS has somewhat disappointed on margins. 
To really go up from hereon, the company needs to perform well on revenues as well as margins of which we are a bit skeptical and that brings us to the valuations. The stock is trading at 17-17.5 times and in the report, we have outlined that the fair valuation range for tier-1 Indian IT stocks should be 12-15 times. 
So we see some downside on the valuation front as well. Using that framework, we have issued a downgrade. We already had an ‘underperform’ recommendation, but now we would advise investors to get out of TCS completely. 
A point that we missed is to at the absolute market cap of TCS which is close to USD 50 billion which is equal to the sum of Infosys, Wipro as well as HCL and IT services is still a labour-arbitrage business. We do not think it is a game of absolute winners. Over time rivals tend to cut down your advantages. So taking all these considerations, we have downgraded the stock to ‘sell’.
Q: Overall, what is your perspective on the IT sector as an investment call because technology as an investment opportunity has become less attractive than what it was? Would you be downbeat on the sector and what would be your pecking order be in terms of stocks you would underweight on with respect to the top four?
A: I agree with you. Definitely it is no longer a secure investment thesis and it is not very difficult to understand why. During the last ten-to-twelve years, the big disruption in IT services was offshore delivery and Indian IT companies were at the beneficial end of that. Today, it is no longer sufficient to have offshore delivery but a necessary condition. So, the incremental market capital is going to be tough especially when you have global companies with a big offshore presence. That is why IT is no longer a secure investment thesis.
Now if you ask me the pecking order, since IT is such a big weight on the MSCI India that investment portfolios would want to have, we would recommend being with  Infosys   and  HCL  . Yes, Infosys has not done well, but it is trading at 13 times at one-year forward valuations, expectations are low and even if there is a quarter of revenue growth probably in line with TCS you will suddenly have this surge where investors would want to shift money out of  TCS   to Infosys. At least to some extent, that could close the valuation gap. So, there is a possibly upward discontinuity in financials at Infosys which has not been seen at TCS.
Though we have accorded a 'underperform' recommendation on both HCL and Infosys, HCL after its good performance in the past couple of quarters has been attracting a new set of investors. When a company does that, the stock does get a long rope, so even if there is a quarter or two of not-so-great results, investors would want to stick with the stock. On a six-to-nine months' perspective for India-focused investment portfolios, I would recommend with HCL and Infosys.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Atul Badkar of Edelweiss Securities is bullish on  Bharti Airtel  ,  Infosys   and  Rural Electrification Corporation   (REC).
Badkar told CNBC-TV18, "Bharti Airtel at Rs 270, Infosys at Rs 2,360, Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) at Rs 215  so these three stocks is what we have been focusing on. We have seen them consolidating well. Fundamentally, we are quite bullish on these names over the next two-three quarters and even on charts they are looking like just about to consolidate for a move up to about 3-4 percent."
He further added, "But more importantly the Nifty around 5,630 which will continue remaining a resistance at least for a bit, maximum can move around 5,670 or 5,700. So you do not have cues coming in for the next five-seven trading sessions from anywhere, not domestic, maybe to a certain extent globally. I think 5,550 where immediate downside will remain. I do not see the 5,550 mark being breached that easily, so pretty much range bound."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Pratish Krishnan of Antique Broking prefers  TCS   over other frontline IT companies after the recent set of Q2 numbers. However, he expects  Infosys   to catch up on revenue momentum going ahead. 
On  HCL Tech  , he said, "We would rather wait for couple of more quarters for the margins to stabilize but our preference would be TCS at this point of time."
Also Read:  TCS sees environment being positive for renewals, deal wins  
His top pick from the midcap is  Hexaware Technologies  .
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: How much you think TCS is good from this price level given numbers and given where its valuations are?
A: Clearly, the numbers are pretty strong. They have yet again beaten the expectations of the street. My sense is that at least 10-11 percent upside from current level should be possible, though the valuations are slightly higher. I do see a case for earnings upside going forward from FY14 point of view.
Q: What kind of EPS predictions do you have for FY14 for TCS?
A: We have an EPS target of around Rs 79 for FY14. This is post the Q2 results which came.
Q: If you had to chose between TCS and HCL Tech, the top two right now on current reckoning, which one would be plum for?
A: Our preference has been TCS. It is mainly because the margin profile of the company is quite better. I do agree on the terms of revenue growth for HCL but from margin point of view we are not that too comfortable. We would rather wait for couple of more quarters for the margins to stabilize. But our preference would be TCS at this point of time.
Q: What do you expect to hear from  Wipro  ? It is the only company which has not reported its numbers yet?
A: The dollar revenue growth should be inline with the guidance. We are looking at 1.7 percent growth in sequential dollar terms. But somewhere, the deal closure has been pretty strong but somewhere the deal closure probably has been pretty strong for Wipro. So, I won’t be surprised if they come out with a slightly better guidance in terms of next quarter as compared to the Q2.
Q: For how many more quarters do you expect to see the trend that TCS and HCL Tech deliver industry leading volumes and Wipro and Infosys continue to lag?
A: For both the companies, the topline is pretty strong. Even deal flows have been strong. So, my sense is another that for few quarters, the revenue growth momentum should be pretty strong for these companies. But somewhere in terms of Infosys, we think probably it’s bottomed out.
We do think that fiscal 2014 should be a better year as compared to this year from a topline which is why we do have  around 14 percent dollar revenue growth for Infosys. I think Infosys will also catch up in terms of revenue momentum going forward.
Q: What are your top midcap bets in IT right now?
A: Amongst midcap, Hexaware has been our top pick. We have an upside potential of more than 40 percent on the stock. So, the earnings momentum is strong. We are looking at over 20 percent earning growth for Hexaware which should be the best in class in terms of industry point of view. So, that remains the only midcap that we like.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				In a move that will bring respite to its employees, IT major  Infosys   today said it will increase salaries for its staff in India by about six percent.
"We have taken a decision to give compensation increase average of six percent offshore and 2-3 per cent average onsite. This will come effective October 1 for offshore and January 1 for onshore," Infosys CEO and MD S D Shibulal told reporters here.
Infosys was the only company among the large software services firms, which had not hiked salaries so far. It had cited the uncertain business environment for the decision and had said it will take a call on the same in October.
In 2009 too, Infosys had deferred hikes and gave it out in the middle of the year when the business sentiment improved. This time, however, Infosys did give promotions to 20,000 employees earlier this year.
When asked about the impact of the wage hike on margins, the company said in July, it had said its operating margins could decline by 200 basis points for the full year. "We are maintaining that... We are using levers on the cost side to offset it (wage hike)," Infosys CFO and member of the Board V Balakrishnan said.
During the quarter, Infosys and its subsidiaries added 10,420 (gross) employees, while the net addition stood at 2,610 people. Its total headcount stood at 1,53,761 as on September 30, 2012.
Infosys BPO, which accounted for USD 111.03 million in revenues during the quarter, saw headcount increasing to 22,918 employees from 19,765 people in the July-September 2011 period.
For the year ending March 31, 2013, Infosys has said it expects to hire 35,000 people, including 13,000 people for the BPO operations.
Infosys that reported its quarterly results today for the July-September 2012 period saw net profit rising 24.29 percent to Rs 2,369 crore, while revenues grew Rs 9,858 crore. Infosys said its attrition has decreased year-on-year from 15.6 percent in the April-June 2012 quarter to 15 percent in the reporting quarter.
The company has also improved the utilisation rate (including trainees) to 69.6 percent, compared with 67.2 percent in the April-June 2012 quarter. However, on a year-on-year basis, utilisation rates are slightly lower than the 70.2 per cent registered in the July-September 2011 quarter.
The IT major also said Balakrishnan has stepped down from his post as the CFO. Rajiv Bansal, who is currently serving as the Vice-President (Finance) will take over as the new CFO from November.
Balakrishnan will, however, continue to be on the board of Infosys and will be responsible for three key businesses -- Infosys BPO, Finacle and the India Business Unit. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
 Infosys  , India's leading software services provider, has had a string of misses in the last few quarters and again disappointed on Friday with  second quarter results   barely in-line with street expectations and a deeper cut in full year earnings per share guidance. 
But even as the the street was crunching the numbers, the Bangalore-based company sprang a surprise by announcing that V Balakrishnan, its CFO for last six years, would be giving up his post from Oct 31.
Rajiv Bansal, currently VP - Finance, who  the company says   is very well groomed under Balakrishnan, will now be the head of finance from November.
While Bala (as he is called) will stay on the company's board, he will be responsible for three businesses -- Infosys BPO (business process outsourcing), Finacle (banking software product) and India Business Unit.
Bala has been considered as one of the contenders for the top job at Infosys in future, especially since the shock exits of K Dinesh, who was a co-founder of the company and Mohandas Pai, director HR, last year.
So while Bala has been grooming his successor to head the finance department, is the company grooming him for the CEO's job?
"Bala is one of the finest CFO in the country. He has led his team in setting new standards in financial reporting, corporate governance and compliance. A top performer, he successfully managed a high quality financial model, which has withstood the pressure of the current economic downturn. Given his belief that younger people should get strategic opportunities to shape this company, he has voluntarily given up his CFO position and instead chosen to focus on Infosys BPO, Finacle and the India Business Unit," Kris Gopalakrishnan, executive co-chairman points out.
Gopalakrishnan adds that Rajiv Bansal, the CFO designate, has been a "very bright star" in the finance department. Bansal has been with Infosys for 13 years and has been heading the finance function with Bala for last four years.
But there are also Bala's critics in the market, who say, he has been slow in opening the purse strings to buy companies, despite Infosys having over USD 4 billion in cash and cash equivalents.
Shibulal insists that the businesses that Balakrishnan is going to are a strategic part for Infosys.
"If you look at BPO, it is growing much faster than Infosys average. If you look at India, we have entered India only in the last 4-5 years and we are seeing very good traction, very different kind of business. The kind of business, which we do in India is very system integration oriented. Lot of government work, which he has been doing extremely well, and Finacle is very much in line with 3.0 strategy. The 3.0 strategy is all about increasing products and platform space. So the portfolio, which Balakrishnan is handling, is very strategic for Infosys," he told CNBC-TV18.
Analysts too agree that Bala will now get a much wider and stronger role within the company. He will now be overseeing 30% of the company's business and all the businesses that he will be heading are expected to grow at a faster clip.
But Bala is not the only contender for the top job. BG Srinivas who is also a board member and is the head of Infy's Europe business and global head of financial services and insurance vertical is another person who some feel will get the top job in the next management shuffle. Ashok Vemuri, who is the head of Americas and global head of manufacturing and engineering services, is another candidate who could one day get the top job. 
Shibulal himself has mentioned Bala, Vemuri and Srinivas in an  interview with CNBC-TV8   in September, when asked about his likely successor in 2015. 
Who will finally get the job is anybody's guess. The decision will be ultimately taken by the nomination committee. But one thing is clear that the person, who next becomes the CEO, will be the first non-founder to take up the job in Infosys' history. 
Infosys has always been driven by founders, starting with NR Narayana Murthy. Shibulal took over as CEO from Gopalakrishnan last year and will be the last of the founding members in the driver's seat.
Nachiket Kelkarnachiket.kelkar@network18online.com  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   is an underperformer and it may slip to Rs 2200, says Ambareesh Baliga, Market Analyst.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “I have been giving a sell on Infosys for quite a while right now. In fact in July it is a sell. Last Thursday when you had asked me what to do with Infosys, at those levels I had said it is a sell because the results will not be as per expectations and it worked out that way.”
He further added, “It will take at least next 3-4 quarters for Infosys to get back. If it gets back the plot which it had for the last 10-15 years. So it will take a while longer. Till then it will be an underperformer, moving more towards Rs 2200. It is very much possible that if there is some FII selling at those levels we could even see it at Rs 2000.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   on dips, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys did its bit on Friday. If at all we have to take a call, it will be to buy it at the dip that it is currently trading at. As usual in a choppy market things will go up and I would expect Infosys to be on the positive side."
He further added, " BHEL   is a sell. The support comes at Rs 235 which is where it should come eventually. It has also gone through a distribution pattern and is on the verge of confirming it on the downside. So I would not buy it. This is not a buy on dips, it is a sell at every occasion till Rs 235 comes in."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Dipan Mehta, Member- BSE & NSE advice investors to buy  Infosys   at current levels.
Mehta told CNBC-TV18, “I am surprised the market was expecting Infosys to do even better than this. From our point of view I think the company has delivered at least as per our expectations and at the present levels the valuation, the PEG is less than 1 which is also quite decent. They are managing to get 20 percent bottom-line either ways either through forex or through whatever way they are able to get 20 percent kind of bottom-line growing and stock is quoting at 15 PE for the current year. So that makes it attractive compared to other businesses in other industries.”
He further added, “The problem with Infosys at least, this is my personal view is that their succession plan is designed in such a way that most of the employees of the senior management tends to leave before their prime. It happened with Narayan Murthy, Nandan Nilekani as well and that’s the way they have designed it and that’s their strategy. Maybe in the long-term it may workout fine, but in the short to medium-term it does call a bit of a flutter because these top level management changes have I would say impacted the performance, impacted the sentiment, impacted the communication coming through from the company. Another problem also is they keep on giving the guidance and then having to reduce it that also causes a bit of a bad sentiment in the stock, but ignore the guidance, ignore the changes at the top level management, focus on the numbers, focus on the qualitative aspects distant of the balance sheet, the opportunity which they have in terms of acquisitions and their capacity and capability in terms of gaining them maximum from the acquisitions and also the fact that they are trying to move up the value chain and in 2-3 years time they would be in terms of offering amongst the best in its class. So keeping all that in mind I think the picture is fairly poised for the holder or the buyer of the stock. I would say that at these levels certainly it merits a deeper kind of understanding or study and maybe look at buy at corrections. So I am trying to get a bit positive on the stock and maybe some kind of a floor will eventually get built into it.”
“Valuation is on the side of the person taking a plunge at this point of time. It is trading at equal to slightly below market P/E multiple, which is pretty rare. I haven’t seen Infosys trade at a Nifty P/E multiple or the Sensex P/E multiple low for a long time. That certainly is positive. There are opportunities I think for example with all these steps which the central bankers have taken place, if there is even a mild growth in the global economy then the Infosys and the Indian IT industry would be major beneficiaries. With the trade deficit number, which we saw the other day, the rupee is not going to appreciate far too much in a hurry and these are fair levels so that benefit of the rupee will certainly percolate to Infosys and other IT companies. On the whole, I think eventually it is a great company and it will get track order, it will get its succession plan marketing, strategy and offerings all that it has been doing it, it has started to experiment with some new things, try to move up the value chain, the results have not yet come through but it does not mean that it is a wrong strategy and they may need to pursue it for some more time.”
“If you are a long-term investor with kind of a two-three year kind of a view then this is a good stock where I think the downside potential is limited, which means that there is some amount of margin of safety and from this point on, with expectation being as low as they are, there is always a likelihood of some positive surprises or improvement in the sentiment towards the stock. So I would say that buy at these levels and try and average low would be a sensible strategy.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Manoj Murlidharan Vayalar, IIFL is of the view that  Infosys   may slip to Rs 2220-2240.
Murlidharan told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys has exactly replicated what it did last results, even the last time the stock had rallied a day before the results. The thing is that till the time cash based buying does not come in such movement in stock like Infosys after the great fall down we really feel that.”
He further added, “If you look into the options data right from Rs 2300 to Rs 2800 all the Calls and Puts were being bought. But going back to the rule of weighted average price we feel Rs 2474, Infosys should not go beyond that and we would say short Infosys at this point or go and buy at Rs 2350 Put Option, I guess that should be close to Rs 30-35 and keep a stop loss at Rs 10 because we are expecting close to Rs 80 in that. So that comes down to a target of Rs 2220 or maybe Rs 2240 on Infosys.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   shares recouped losses after India's second-largest software services exporter clarified that the revenue growth forecast for the current fiscal year that ends in March 2013 does not include revenue from Lodestone Holding AG.
Infosys was down 3.9 percent at 10:53 a.m., after having fallen as much as 8.8 percent earlier in the day.
(Read main results story, click http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/10/12/infosys-reuslts-earnings-shares-guidance-idINDEE89B02620121012)
Infosys reported a 24 percent gain in quarterly profit, in line with estimates, and said it expects revenue growth of at least 5 percent for the fiscal year, maintaining its previous outlook.
Chief Financial Officer V. Balakrishnan later clarified that the growth forecast excludes revenue from Lodestone, which Infosys agreed to buy in a deal valued at 330 million Swiss francs last month.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Tata Consultancy Services  ,  HCL Technologies   and  Wipro   opened lower post  Infosys   Q2 results.
At 09:41 hrs Tata Consultancy Services was quoting at Rs 1,280.90, down Rs 8.75, or 0.68%. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,290 and an intraday low of Rs 1,274.  At 09:42 hrs HCL Technologies was quoting at Rs 571.50, down Rs 6.10, or 1.06%. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 576.55 and an intraday low of Rs 562.20. 
At 09:42 hrs Wipro was quoting at Rs 353, down Rs 5.85, or 1.63%. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 355.90 and an intraday low of Rs 348.30.
Infosys' net profit rose by 3.5 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 2,369 crore - largely in-line with expectations - in the second quarter of FY13.
However, Infosys slipped 7.44% or Rs 188.45 at Rs 2,343.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
V Balakrishnan, chief financial officer,  Infosys   has resigned from his position and will be heading the company’s BPO arm, Finacle, with effect from November. Bala, as he is popularly known, is tipped as one of the favourites to take over from incumbent Shibulal as chief executive in 2014. Rajiv Bansal, Vice-President Finance, will be taking over as chief financial officer from November 1. Bala will continue to be on the company’s board.
Also Read:  Infosys Q2 net up 24% YoY; shrs sink on poor guidance  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				India's second largest software services exporter   Infosys  ' net profit rose by 3.5 percent quarter-on-quarter to Rs 2,369 crore - largely in-line with expectations - in the second quarter of FY13.
Revenues went up by 2.52 percent to Rs 9,858 crore in the quarter ended September 2012 from Rs 9,616 crore in the previous quarter.
Revenues (in dollar terms) increased 2.6 percent to USD 1.797 billion from USD 1.752 billion during the same period.
Also Read -  Infosys Q2 net up 24% YoY; shrs sink on poor guidance  
CFO V Balakrishnan will give up its position with effect from October 31, but he will continue to be a board member. 
Rajiv Bansal, who is currently a VP - Finance, will become new CFO.
At 09:16 hrs Infosys was quoting at Rs 2,332, down Rs 199.45, or 7.88%. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 2,390 and an intraday low of Rs 2,317. It was trading with volumes of 75,918 shares. In the previous trading session, the share closed up 1.09% or Rs 27.20 at Rs 2,531.45. 
However, yesterday the Infosys ADR was ended up 2.88% at USD 48.22.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may rally to Rs 2700, says Shardul Kulkarni, Angel Broking.
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys has been a short seller’s delight over the past 5- quarters results, people just go short before the result and blindly cover their positions to see that they are in profits over the next two trading sessions, post the results.”
He further added, “This time it is going to be quite different. What we are seeing is that the stock was at Rs 2200 post the previous results in April and from there it has moved to Rs 2500-2600. If you see the correlation with rupee, the rupee was at 57 and it has now come to 51.50-52 levels, so it is actually something which is quite difficult to understand but the chart structure just primarily of Infosys, I think you are in for a positive surprise. I think the stock has strong potential to move to around Rs 2700 in the near future. So I would be quite bullish in case of Infosys. My stop loss for the trade would be at Rs 2450.”
Disclosure: We have recommended the stock to our clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Rikesh Parikh, Motilal Oswal Financial Services suggest not to take fresh position in  Infosys   but if someone is hold on can hold on to the call and put but be ready to square off the other part of the option first thing in the morning once the market takes the direction of Infosys.
Parikh told CNBC-TV18, “There has been a lot of activity in Infosys. We have seen in case of options built up before the result and this we have also noticed in the past also. Just before the result 4-5 days the option built up keeps on increasing at around 2500 call and put. Most of the people have bought into call and put because of which the implied volatility for Infosys which use to be around 30 which means anywhere between 25 to 32 range has moved up to 45 to 52.”
“What will happen is that once the result are out the stocks will take a directional move of around 4% to 5% around 5% we expect 5-6% so the other part of options become decay because the IV fall straight to 35. If you have already got long on call and put just continue to hold on but if you are buying right now you will be buying both call and put at current level then we are suggesting not to buy at this level because overall your costing of 25 call and put is almost 200 which is like 8-9 percent movement in the stock which might not yield money. So new portion could be avoided  if someone is hold on can hold on to the call and put but be ready to square off the other part of the option first thing in the morning once the market takes the direction of Infosys.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				The third quarter of the year has turned out to be a weak quarter as far as the number and size of M&A deals are concerned. The number of deals has slipped from the corresponding quarters in the last two years, and the size of deals has also weakened. Raja Lahiri of Grant Thornton India shares his view on the findings of the deal tracker report.
Below is the edited transcript of his interview to CNBC-TV18.
Q: What is the reason for the downtrend that we are seeing in M&As?
A: In the third quarter, we saw 34% drop in M&A activity and 24% drop in the value of number of deals. The impact of weak economic growth, tax regulation and pending reforms is clearly seen. The key impact has been seen on inbound transactions where it slipped significantly, which in turn impacted outbound transactions and the overall M&A activity. We have seen a value growth of private equity transactions largely because of some larger billion-dollar transactions in the IT space in this quarter.
Q: Which sector caught your attention? What was the buzz in this quarter?
A: This quarter was dominated by the IT-ITeS sector where there was a transaction of USD 1 billion in Genpact by Bain Capital. In the second transaction,  Infosys   bought Lodestone, a European company for USD 349 million. In the oil and gas space,  ONGC   bought stake outside India for USD 1 billion. 
Q: The government has been very proactive in this quarter with reforms and announcements. Do you expect Deal Street, investment sentiments to improve going ahead? 
A: After a long time we are seeing some sentiment coming back like FDI announcement in retail, pension, insurance, broadcasting, GAAR announcement and the Shome Committee Panel Report and it is very positive. I think the sentiment is coming back. But it will take some more quarters to see some large deals happening. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Shares in  Infosys   fall 1.4 percent on concerns the Indian software services exporter may cut guidance when it reports quarterly results this month because of a recent appreciation in the rupee and potential wage hikes.
Nomura says it expects Infosys to retain its fiscal 2013 dollar revenue growth guidance of 5 percent but cut earnings-per-share guidance by around 2 percent to Rs 163 on rupee terms because of the currency impact.
Nomura also warns any announcement on wage hikes would be key.
"We believe there is a high likelihood of a wage hike in 3Q as growth comes in line with guidance," the investment bank says in a noted dated on Wednesday.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT industry body Nasscom has said presence of  Infosys  , which is in talks with the West Bengal government for setting up a campus here, would give a fillip to the state's positioning as an IT hub.
"As far as Infosys is concerned, the negotiations between the state government and Infosys is on. I am sure it will yield positive results. The presence of Infosys in West Bengal will give a great fillip to positioning the state as a IT hotspot," NASSCOM Regional Manager (East) Suparno Moitra told PTI here.
While Wipro and TCS are already present in the state, with the formal entry of Infosys, Bengal would get all the IT majors.
Infosys had planned in 2004 to invest some Rs 500 crore to set up a development centre in Kolkata housing 5,000 people and the state government had allotted 50 acres to it for Rs 75 crore.
While Infosys is negotiating with the state government for an SEZ status for setting up its first campus in the city, another IT major Wipro is planning a second campus here.
"Please note that Wipro already has a presence in Kolkata, which enjoys the SEZ status," Moitra said.
While the first facility was accorded SEZ status, Wipro was insisting on the same for its second campus at Rajarhat near here for which the state government has allotted 50 acres.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has already ruled out giving SEZ status to Infosys citing the state government's policy decision which was against such zones.
Recently, WB Industry and IT Minister Partha Chatterjee had said Infosys was considering an alternative route to set up its office in the state rather than seeking SEZ status for the proposed unit here.
As per the SEZ Act, units and developers enjoy huge tax benefits, including income tax holidays for 10 years.
According to NASSCOM figures, total IT software exports from STPI & Non STPI units in West Bengal touched Rs 7,939 crore in 2011-12 registering a growth of 5.85 per cent. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													The government's reforms overdrive over the last few days is clearly catching everyone's eye. Captains of India Inc explain to CNBC-TV18 that it is P Chidambaram who must be credited for having begun to turn the economy's wheel, but add a word of caution that mere framing of policies will not work and it is implementation of those policies that will boost the investment climate.
KV Kamath, chairman,  Infosys  , non-executive chairman,  ICICI Bank  , says, "I think this clearly signals to the entrepreneurial community that India is a good place to do business. From the mood being clearly in the negative, the change started with Chidambaram's entry into the finance ministry and promising to address some the key problems which businesses seem to have had."
Nitin Paranjpe, MD and CEO,  HUL  , adds, "I think all these initiatives are positive and signal the right intent. But we mustn't assume that the announcement of reforms alone will end all our problems and the economy will return to the high growth recorded in the past. There is still a lot work to be done. All of these announcements will have to be executed and I think we must make sure that we see these announcements to their logical conclusion. If we were to do that, it would be a step in the right direction."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				UK-based global banking giant HSBC Holdings Plc today said N R Narayana Murthy, co-founder of IT giant  Infosys   and the only Indian on its board, would retire as its director at the end of 2012.
Announcing the changes in its board and board-committees, HSBC Holdings Plc said in a regulatory filing here that Renato Fassbind, former Chief Financial Officer of Credit Suisse Group, has been appointed a Director with effect from January 1, 2013.
Besides, Fassbind would also become a member of the Group Audit Committee and the Group Remuneration Committee with effect from March 1, 2013. He will be an independent non-executive Director.
Murthy will retire as a Director of HSBC Holdings plc on December 31, 2012 and will be succeeded as Chairman of the Corporate Sustainability Committee by Laura Cha. While Cha is already a director, Murthy had joined the board in 2008.
James Hughes-Hallett has also been appointed a member of the Corporate Sustainability Committee from January 1, 2013. On Murthy's retirement, HSBC Group Chairman Douglas Flint said: "Narayana has made an important contribution to the Group since his appointment in 2008, in particular on technology matters, where his guidance and experience was invaluable to the Board, and also very importantly in leading the Corporate Sustainability Committee.
"On behalf of the Board I thank him for his counsel and service," Flint said. On Fassbind's appointment, Flint said that "his international trade experience makes him ideally suited to offer independent advice and challenge from within the Board as we implement our strategy to become the world's leading international bank."
Fassbind was the Chief Financial Officer and a member of the executive board of Credit Suisse Group from June 2004 until September 2010. He is Vice Chairman of Supervisory Board of Swiss Reinsurance Company, and a member of the Supervisory Board of the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority.
Fassbind's appointment will be for an initial three-year term, subject to re-election by shareholders as appropriate. After these changes, the Board of HSBC Holdings plc on January 1, 2013 will comprise of 16 directors, of which three will be executive Directors and 13 will be independent non-executive directors.
As a non-executive Director, Fassbind will not have a service contract with HSBC Holdings plc and will be paid a director's fee of 95,000 pound per annum. He will also receive fees totalling 60,000 pound per annum as a member of the Group Audit Committee and the Group Remuneration Committee.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Stock analyst SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com explains to CNBC-TV18 that he is cautious of the IT sector as the quarterly results are expected to be dismal along with a weak Q3 guidance thanks to the appreciation in the rupee.
The stock analyst adds that he is positive on  L&T  , realty stock  HDIL  , cable-TV stocks such as  Sun TV   and  Dish TV  , and stocks from the UB Group other than  Kingfisher Airlines  .
Below is an edited transcript of the analysis on CNBCP-TV18.  
Q: What do you make of Mayawati's comments on FDI and how do you see this political situation progress?
A: I don't think that statement is really relevant. Though FDI in retail has been approved by the central government, it has been left to the discretion of the states to implement it. The comments indicate an expectation of favours and are politically motivated.
Q: How do you approach some of the UB Group stocks? As a trader what would you do with something like United Spirits?
A: I don't think that these stocks are really fit for traders. The inherent volatility has weakened the courage of traders. Based purely on fundamentals I am positive largely on three stocks -  United Spirits  ,  United Breweries Holdings   and  Mangalore Chemicals  . And any development regarding the sale of stake in USL will have a positive effect on the share price of  Kingfisher Airlines   too.
Except for the prevalence of a dismal condition in  Kingfisher Airlines   and weakness is continuously seen on the stock for all of last week causing the stock to hit lower circuit of 5 percent, I don't think that there is any weakness or fear on any of the other UB group stocks.
Q: Between  BHEL   and  L&T  , which one would you pick on a dip?
A: I won't go for both because the quarterly results of capital-goods-sector companies do not seem positive for the September quarter. I am positive on  L&T   which has had a good run-up though the company undertakes infrastructure projects.
On destruction of value and sector rotation, I think the infrastructure sector is the next on the list for an upside. On  L&T  , my level will be at Rs 1550-1560 and on  BHEL  , I will take a call at Rs 240-245.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
HSBC Securities and Capital Markets on Thursday downgraded  Tata Consultancy Services   and  HCL Technologies   to "neutral" from "overweight," and said IT stocks were likely to remain lacklusture through the second quarter results season as discretionary spending had stayed weak. 
"Stocks are already factoring in growth of 11-14% in FY14, which is a steep pick-up for  Infosys   and  Wipro  , and continuation of FY13 growth for TCS and HCL Tech. In that regard, we believe the potential upside to our estimates is limited. Further, the rupee appreciation may add headwinds to the already stressed margin outlook and could likely be a drag on earnings," analyst Yogesh Aggarwal said.
He already has a "neutral" rating on Infosys and  MindTree  , but is still "overweight" on Wipro,  Polaris   and  Persistent Systems  .
HSBC expects 0-4% volume growth for software service providers in the July-September quarter and feels margin pressures may persist as impact of wage hike fully flows through most of the companies.
"We believe that demand from banking and financial services clients, particularly in the US, has remained weak, although infrastructure management services projects remain abundant as customers look to restructure their IT infrastructure," Aggarwal said.
HSBC has raised its target price on Infosys to Rs 2,695 from Rs 2,500, HCL Tech to Rs 610 from Rs 570, MindTree to Rs 700 from Rs 680 and its target on Persistent has been raised to Rs 500 from Rs 440. Its target price on TCS, Wipro and Polaris remains unchanged at Rs 1,405, Rs 420 and Rs 168 respectively.
On Thursday morning, Infosys was down 0.6% at Rs 2,562.55, TCS slipped 0.5% at Rs 1,315.50, MindTree fell 2.1% at Rs 645.95 and HCL Tech was down 0.4% at Rs 589.05. Meanwhile, Persistent and Wipro gained 0.1% at Rs 441.30 and Rs 380.40 respectively and Polaris was up 0.8% at Rs 137 on NSE.
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													See lower levels in  Wipro  , says Jai Bala, cashthechaos.com.
Bala told CNBC-TV18, "One has got to be picky in IT space. I though  TCS   had much more strength than it showed but it started to show some cracks. The midcap IT space is looking stronger than frontline stocks. Even Wipro is showing some signs of fatigue and looks like downtrend is starting there."
He further added, "Even  Infosys   has come to correct resistance area of Rs 2550-2700 and that is the region where I expect this counter-trend rally to end. I think the frontlines are setting up for a decline whereas the midcaps are trying to catch up with front liners and you have got to be positioning long in the IT space in the midcap space."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Rajesh Agarwal, Eastern Financiers is of the view that one can book profit in  Infosys   at current level and can re-enter at around Rs 2,300.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, “I would suggest booking profits in Infosys at current level, because we have seen quite a run up in the stock despite the fact that there has been pressure in revenue side from last few quarters and even the management has given a guidance that revenues are going to be in pressure because of appreciating rupee and the headwinds in European and US markets. They have recently taken Lodestone which is going to add to the revenue side in the service sector, but still it will take at least 2-3 quarters to show good numbers. At around Rs 2,500-2,600 I think it is time to book profit. One can book profit at these levels and re-enter at around Rs 2,300.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				SD Shibulal, CEO and MD of  Infosys   said that the IT major’s latest buy was driven by a need to balance portfolio. Infosys has agreed to buy Zurich-based Lodestone Holding AG in a deal valued at 330 million Swiss francs.
The acquisition may take Infosys a step closer to its goal of becoming a software-and-services giant providing clients with higher value services and consulting. The company has recently completed implementing Infosys 3.0, a strategy that it expects will take it towards this goal.
"This acquisition fits perfectly into that strategy," chief executive SD Shibulal said adding it will help boost company’s presence in Europe. 
However, he clarified that there will be no change in Infy’s FY13 guidance to reflect the new Lodestone buy. “The buy to enable Lodestone to have a global platform,” he told reporters.
Infosys, which symbolises India's rise as an outsourcing powerhouse, has struggled this year. It has missed sales targets, lost market share, put off an annual pay rise and seen its stock battered.
India's No.2 software services provider, expects to conclude the all-cash deal by October, the Bangalore-based company said. "We will pay two-third of the Lodestone buy amount at deal closure," Shibulal informed. 
Lodestone will add 850 employees to Infosys' 150,000, including 750 consultants experienced in advising clients on the use business management software from SAP AG. It will also increase Infosys' clients to more than 900 from its current 700.
"The acquisition fits well with Infosys' business profile and the endeavour of the management to maintain strength in consulting and high-value added services," ICICI Securities analyst Kuldeep Koul said in a note to clients. Koul has a "buy" rating on the stock.
With inputs from Reuters.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   is planning to acquire Zurich-based global management consultancy firm Lodestone Holding AG at 330 m CHF (USD 350 million) in cash. The transaction is likely to close by October-end. 
Post acquisition, Infosys get an additional 850 employees. Lodestone will add 200 clients across manufacturing, automotive and life sciences, to the poll of Infosys's 700 clients. "Post-acquisition, the combined consulting practice focusing on SAP program will deliver revenue of more than USD 1 billion," a press statement said. 
Lodestone advises international companies on strategy and process optimization, and provides business transformation solutions enabled by SAP. 
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Ambareesh Baliga, Market Analyst advice traders to exit from  ONGC   around Rs 295- 300 levels.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “If one looks at ONGC, it moves only in a specific band and this band is about Rs 40-50. One needs to exit at the higher point of the band, which is closer to about Rs 295-300 and buyback at closer to about Rs 260-265 levels.”
He further added, “IT I have been cautious for a while especially the big boys, I do not see them showing results which will be much better than what we saw in the last quarter and especially  Infosys   as well as  TCS  , I am a bit cautious in this particular quarter and would look at selling out before the results.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   has target of Rs 2520-2510, says Hemant Thukral, Aditya Birla Money.
Thukral told CNBC-TV18, "IT is one area which is not seeing any rollovers specially Infosys. Seeing what has happened in last three weeks I think Infosys majority of the shorts have been squeezed out. What I see long rolls being pending, so I am expecting some profit taking coming in Infosys. I would advice to keep a stoploss of Rs 2650 and I am looking at a target of Rs 2520-2510 before this expiry only. I am expecting Infosys to see profit taking."
He further added, "Very similar to  Reliance Industries  . The rollover cost has declined. Now, with such a run up in last one month it doesn’t cease the bullish sentiment to continue. So, again the stoploss has to kept as Rs 860 for me and the target would be around Rs 820."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   is a good defensive bet at current levels, says Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bhat told CNBC-TV18, “On a macro basis if one were to see what Infosys and TCS are undergoing; one can clearly see that the transition of the management which has happened and the current management doesn’t seem to be fully in grip of the kind of problems and challenges that the industry is facing, not that they are not doing well, but that probably will somewhere lurk round the corner that will continue to cast its shadow.”
He further added, “I don’t expect any great information from Infosys in terms of the volume numbers. Maybe the rupee depreciation would play out but I wonder how mnay people would give a peek to it. Infosys still remains a very defensive bet from the current levels, so if one is playing in the current scenario I think it will be one of the few stocks which you can really own because that has not moved quite a bit. Though last fortnight it has gone up by 7-8%. But I would still bet Infosys more as a defensive bet in the overall scheme of things.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Bank of America Merrill Lynch has upgraded  Infosys   and  Tech Mahindra   to 'buy' from 'neutral' citing improved revenue confidence and hopes of better earnings.
The investment bank says anecdotal evidence indicates deal closures are picking up and softness in the banking vertical is bottoming.
Infosys rose 1.7%, while Tech Mahindra gained 1.8%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				The listed companies will start declaring their second quarter results from October. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, market analyst Ambareesh Baliga says he doesn’t think much has changed for the IT companies to show better results than last quarter. 
As far as  Infosys   is concerned, he still expects the disappointment to continue. "It is very much possible that you could again have a correction in Infosys post results," he adds.
Looking at the growth slowdown in China, he says,  Tata Motors   seems too expensive at these levels. "The momentum is there. So, it is possible that it could move up more. But I think it should be utilised to sell than to buy," he suggests.
The Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCAP) may meet today in the evening to decide on raising diesel, cooking gas and kerosene prices.
Baliga doesn’t expect anything much from today’s meeting. "Unless you have a Rs 5-6 rise in diesel, it is not going to make too much of a difference. You could maximum have a petrol hike of another Rs 5," he adds.
Also read:  Current rally may continue; buy on dips, says Credit Suisse  
Below is the edited transcript of his interview with CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee and Sonia Shenoy.
Q: Tata Motors was a big star yesterday, how would you approach that stock now?
A: I have not been too bullish on  Tata Motors   in the recent past. Looking at the growth slowdown in China, which is supposed to be the major market for JLR, it seems too expensive at these levels. 
The momentum is there. So, it is possible that it could move up more. But I think it should be utilised to sell than to buy. I would be more comfortable at levels, which we had seen recently, closer to that Rs 215-220 levels.
Q: Are you hopeful of anything coming out of that CCPA meeting in the evening today? Even if we do get just a token Rs 2-3 diesel price hike, do you think it will matter to the market at all?
A: I really don’t expect anything much from today’s meeting. In the past couple of months, absolutely no policy measures been taken. Unless you have a Rs 5-6 rise in diesel, it is not going to make too much of a difference. 
A Rs 2-3 rise will only create political issues for the government. So, I doubt whether that’s going to happen. You could maximum have a petrol hike of another Rs 5. That will not really help too much in the deficit. So, overall, I don’t see too much of a trigger from today’s meeting.
Q: In a month’s time, we will get the next quarter earnings as well. What is the initial indication that you are getting because last quarter after  Infosys   numbers the move was quite despondent in this IT sector?
A: I don’t think much has changed for the IT companies to show much better results than last quarter. As far as Infosys is concerned, I still expect the disappointment to continue. So, it is very much possible that you could again have a correction in Infosys post results.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Shardul Kulkarni, Sr.Technical Analyst, Angel Broking is of the view that one can buy  Infosys   with a target of Rs 2600-2650. 
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, "In the largecap space if you see  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) has done well over the past couple of trading sessions but I would not want to buy TCS at the current market price clearly showing you negative divergence on the daily charts. In case of Infosys, I would say that there is a possible opportunity of trading on the long side."
He further added, "One can buy Infosys near the gap area support that particular support area comes in around Rs 2,450 so buying is recommended near Rs 2,450 levels on declines, not at the current market price. Place a stop loss at around Rs 2,350; I would expect the stock to move to around Rs 2,600-2,650 in the near future."
Disclosures: It is possible that we have positions in the stocks discussed and we have recommended them to our clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Dipesh Mehta, Nirmal Bang Securities is of the view that one should sell  Infosys   at current level with a stop loss of Rs 2540.
Mehta told CNBC-TV18, “People are shifting towards  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) right now. So I think a trading perspective plus a positional people are selling Infosys at every rise. So this is a current level which I think is a waste on resistance level for Infosys around Rs 2,500 levels. So I think selling at these levels is a very good bet for Infosys with a strict stop loss of Rs 2,540 on the higher side.”
He further added, “On the option data also, we suggest the same thing Rs 2,500 call has the highest OI build up on the higher side. So I think we are going to have a stiff resistance unless it is crossing Rs 2,540 on the upper side, we are going to see targets of Rs 2,400 on the lower side on Infosys.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													One can short  Infosys   at current level with a stoploss of Rs 2548, says Siddharth Bhamre of Angel Broking.
Bhamre told CNBC-TV18, "We are not very optimistic on Infosys, Rs 2450-2500 was a strong resistance, it has closed marginally above those levels. The entire rally from Rs 2,100 levels to current levels was mainly because of short covering and between Rs 2,350 we did see some long positions that also got unwounded around Rs 2,500 or so."
He further added, "We believe that the stock is light now and you might see fresh shorting happening at higher levels. So at current levels one can go short. We are expecting the stock to correct till Rs 2,380 and you can probably fix a stoploss of Rs 2,548 and go short on Infosys."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com is of the view that one can stay invested in Infosys atleast for 6 months to one year. However, exit Pantaloon Retail, JSPL.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “One should stick on  Infosys   at least for next 6 months to one year, the stock could be an outperformer. So maybe after six months, one year one will get an attractive price then can exit.
He further added, “Maybe some higher price can be seen for  Pantaloon Retail  , but that should be used to close your position. Don’t wait for the cost price. The cost price is irrelevant in any market condition.
“If there is a relief rally coming in  Jindal Steel & Power   (JSPL), maybe we can see higher levels, perhaps Rs 380-390. That should be a point to exit from stock.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Infosys   is planning to acquire Zurich-based global management consultancy firm Lodestone Holding AG at 330 m CHF (USD 350 million) in cash. The transaction is likely to close by October-end.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ankur Rudra of Ambit Capital says the acquisition seems to be clearly in the right direction, something that Infosys management has been talking about quite extensively for the last four years.
He has a sell on Infosys. "Our valuation is about Rs 2,580," he adds. 
Also read:  Market cool to Infosys' Swiss co buy; deal size disappoints  
Below is the edited transcript of his interview with CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee and Sonia Shenoy.
Q: What are your initial thoughts on the Infosys deal?
A: Acquisition seems to be clearly in the right direction, something that Infosys management has been talking about quite extensively for the last four years. This seems to be a bit too small for the overall business now, the consulting segment for Infosys is about USD 2 billion. So, this is about USD 220ish million, about 10% of the size. It is a step in the right direction, one might say a bit too small for its size. They may need quite a few more of these.
Q: What kind of reaction do you expect to see on this stock? Where have you pegged the stock price at right now?
A: Our recommendation is a sell on Infosys. Our valuation is about Rs 2,580. We think the stock might react positively because expectation of an acquisition has been in the work for a long time. The fact that they have deployed capital with a relatively interesting asset, which gives them greater presence in Europe, I would expect the stock to react positively to it. That said, given that it will only be earnings accretive from FY15 could be something the market will take time to chew on.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													SP Tulsian, sptulsian.com is positive on  Infosys  .
Tulsian told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys deal looks quite positive. This is more a qualitative shift towards the acquisitions and maybe this could be said as efforts of Mr. Kamath who must have persuaded the company to be a little aggressive and moving more into the consulting space is always seen as positive because that has never been the forte or the area of the Indian companies. So now this will be seen quite positive and if they continue with one-two more consulting kind of acquisitions, this stock will get re-rated and can come in the valuation parameter inline with TCS. I am quite positive on the stock."
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Jun, 2012). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.33. The latest book value of the company is Rs 518.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 4.83. The dividend yield of the company was 1.88%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				SD Shibulal, the current Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of  Infosys  , is one of the seven engineers who launched the company in 1981 by pooling in USD 250 million to make what is today one of India's largest IT giants.
As the global business environment continues to be challenging, Shibulal said that there are delays in clients' decision making process. "Larger opportunities are going through multiple levels of scrutiny and we are continuing to see it. In my mind, there have been positive and negative reports but I am not seeing a material change in the environment in which we operate," he said.
Given the competition and the tough environment, many IT companies have been slashing prices to win deals. However, Shibulal maintains that their focus is on delivering value. "One needs to look at pricing as a portfolio. Looking at pricing on a deal-by-deal basis is not possible. One should remember that lowering prices probably is one of the easier things to do. But I clearly believe that the more important thing for us is to deliver value and that is what we are focused on. We want to make sure that we are delivering superior value to our clients."
Furthermore, Shibulal informed that the IT major is scouting for acquisitions to expand its product and platform businesses. “It is a very important part of the strategy because in the olden days, one used to talk about consulting acquisitions; the importance of that has come down because we have built our consulting and system integration capability. An acquisition in continental Europe will make sense. There are areas which are very relevant to acquisition. We are talking about taking 6.5% revenue that is what we get from products and platform from today to a much larger base. So acquisition makes perfect sense. There are various areas which we have identified and strategic to us, and we are very focused on looking at acquisitions."
Below is an edited transcript of the exclusive interview.
Q: It has been a fairly rocky ride over the last 2-3 years. Ever since you took over, you have been busy; the market has been volatile, clients have been cutting down expense. How have it been since you took over till date?
A: As I see, your actions are driven by 2-3 things. One is the strategy which you are pursuing as a corporation, so Infosys is definitely on a new strategic path. Last year, we launched Building Tomorrows Enterprise, a new strategic path and direction. It is a framework for innovation and co-creation. We are seeing excellent traction. The recent industry reports are endorsing our strategic direction. As a CEO, your actions are driven by the strategic direction you are taking.
Two, it is driven by the environment, which has been challenging. There has been volatility in the environment and there has been volatility in the US and Europe, and that of course, drives some of my action and my style. These are the other factors which go into your actions.
Q: In the last two quarters, you had certain amount of revenue decline. Does that worry you or is this a one off considering the market is volatile at this point?
A: If you look at the last quarter, our guidance was USD 1771-1789 million; our revenue was USD 1752 million. There are two factors one needs to consider. One, we lost USD 13 million because of inter-currency movements and that is not in our control. We took a one-time charge. If I normalise both of those, I will end up somewhere around USD 1780 million, which is right in the middle of the guidance, approximately 0.4% growth if I had done that. 
Irrespective of this, one also needs to look at the volume growth. Last quarter, we grew by 2.7% in volumes.
Q: Are those challenges still present in the next quarter? Are clients still either backing down on IT spends or cutting down contracts? 
A: In the beginning of this quarter when we actually gave guidance of at least 5% for the year, we had said that the environment is volatile; there are delays in decision making. Larger opportunities are going through multiple levels of scrutiny and we are continuing to see it. In my mind, there have been positive and negative reports but I am not seeing a material change in the environment in which we operate. 
Q: Are you on track with the 5% guidance at least for now?
A: Our guidance is based on a statement of fact as we see it. In the beginning of the year, we have visibility for 65% of the business, we have to make up 35% of the business during the year. For a quarter it is 95%, but 5% of USD 1.8 billion is USD 90 million, which has to be made up in approximately 50 working days. At this point in time, there is no material change, which will lead us to revisit the guidance.
Q: You have around 86% exposure from the recession-hit markets of US and Europe, are you now gradually reducing this dependence and increasing focus on emerging markets?
A: Definitely, we are expanding our presence in other markets but one should also keep in mind that US, by far, is the largest spender of technology and you have to be part of that market. When you look at Europe, it is true that Europe is going through certain challenges but when we look at our revenue profile; 10% of our revenues come from continental Europe, which means continental Europe can grow for us. This means it is actually our emerging market. So we are investing in Germany and France. We have five countries in continental Europe where we are focused on - Germany, France, Switzerland, Belgium and one more. We see these five countries as growth potentials. Even this year, we expect that Germany and France will grow above our average. 
Having said that we are also growing in the other parts of the world; we just announced the India Post deal in India. We have taken a different approach in India; we have taken an approach of a pure system integrated approach where we are rebuilding the platform. We are delivering intellectual property to our clients and that is also doing very well. 
Q: This is has been an eternal investment complaint that Infosys has been conservative in tapping into its USD 4 billion cash pile. When are you looking at a big acquisition?
A: Firstly, we are actively looking at it. Second, it is a very important part of the strategy because in the olden days, one used to talk about consulting acquisitions; the importance of that has come down because we have built our consulting and system integration capability. An acquisition in continental Europe will make sense. There are areas which are very relevant to acquisition. We are talking about taking 6.5% revenue that is what we get from products and platform from today to a much larger base. So acquisition makes perfect sense. 
Our addressable space for acquisition has enlarged considerably when we launched this new strategic direction. We are looking for acquisition in public service because that is another area that we have opened up. We have set up a subsidiary in US called Infosys Public Service, so it makes sense to acquire something there. There are various areas which we have identified and strategic to us, and we are very focused on looking at acquisitions.
Q: How much would you spend if there has always been the trajectory of anywhere more than USD 250 million? How much are you looking at spending from the deal that you are talking to right now?
A: The way I would say, it is slightly different. I would say we are comfortable because we are a USD 7 billion corporation and we are comfortable acquiring upto 10% of our revenue. Valuation depends on various things, it depends upon the type of acquisition, the type of deal you are closing. But when I look at acquisition, I look at how much we can easily integrate. I am very confident that we can integrate upto 10% of our revenue.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys Ltd   , the company that symbolised India's rise as an outsourcing powerhouse but has struggled this year, will have to wait longer than expected for returns from a remodelled strategy.
The USD 7 billion company based in Bangalore, India's Silicon Valley, has missed sales targets, lost market share, put off an annual pay rise and seen its stock battered this year.
"The realisation of the benefits will be delayed short-term," said S.D. Shibulal, the company's chief executive officer, referring to the "Infosys 3.0" strategy that the company says will better position it for the future.
It was a rare acknowledgement for a company famous for hitting or beating its targets.
Under the strategy, Infosys will focus more on higher-value software and consulting that can be applied across clients and less on labour-intensive plain vanilla outsourcing services.
The problem is Infosys is shifting gears at a time when its corporate clients in the United States and Europe, including its core financial services base, are tightening their belts, dealing with fewer vendors, and taking longer to make decisions.
Industry-watchers say Infosys' position as a premium player, which allowed it to charge more and earn fatter margins, is a liability in this market, to the benefit of rivals like Tata Consultancy Services and HCL Technologies .
"It is a challenging environment," Shibulal said in an interview in the tree-lined 80-acre campus on the outskirts of Bangalore that serves as Infosys headquarters.
Shibulal, or Shibu as he is known in the informal Infosys style, is one of the seven engineers who launched the company in 1981 by pooling together $250. He is the fourth person from the group to become CEO, but will be the last -- the other three have quit.
The company's troubles have spurred criticism of everything from its method of choosing CEOs to its pricing strategy to what is seen as an insular and risk-averse culture.
It has also prompted worry that the recent troubles may affect the company's ability to attract and retain talent.
Investors have reacted harshly, pushing Infosys stock down more than 12% this year, making it the fourth-worst performer among 71 stocks around the world in the large and mid-cap IT services sector.
"It should be the right plan, but the issue is implementation and results," said Walter Rossini, a Milan-based fund manager with Gestielle India, who owns Infosys in his $300 million fund alongside TCS and Tech Mahindra .
LABOUR PAINS?
Infosys has long been ahead of the curve in corporate India, stressing high standards of governance and transparency, paying attractive wages to tens of thousands of young workers, and offering a stock option programme that turned some salaried staff into millionaires.
Instead of offices in business districts, Infosys prefers campus-style locations in places such as Pune and Mysore, a southern city where it has built a $400 million facility it says is the world's largest corporate training centre, which can train 14,000 staff at a time.
One crucial worry over the company's recent poor performance is that it will hurt Infosys' stature as an employer of choice for Indian graduates. It has seen a handful of high-profile executive exits in the past couple of years.
Recently, Shaji Farooq quit his post as the Americas head of financial services to lead a new unit at rival Wipro . Three senior officials at its BPO (business process outsourcing) arm have also recently quit.
While staff turnover varies by season and the state of the industry, Infosys' attrition rate over the year to June was 14.9%, compared with 10.9% at larger rival TCS. In June 2009, another challenging time for the industry, attrition at Infosys was 11.1%, compared with 10.7% at TCS.
"The single most important reason, in my view, as to (why) Infosys needs to demonstrate some bit of growth momentum is employee retention, because ultimately this is a business that is really dependent on people," said Bhavin Shah, CEO of Equirus Securities in Mumbai and a longtime industry watcher.
At the Bangalore headquarters, this does not seem to be a problem. Throngs of young IT workers stroll the pathways through lush lawns and futuristic steel and glass buildings.
Parts of it seem like a U.S. university campus, although security is tighter and many of the young men wear neckties.
Shibulal said it has not been any more difficult to retain staff since Infosys implemented the 3.0 plan early last year.
"The numbers don't show any difference. Finally I have to look at data. Perceptions can be very misleading at times, and if you look at single point instances also it can be very misleading," he said.
"Our conversion rates from (university) campuses remain high," he said, adding that the pay rise for this year at Infosys had been postponed, not cancelled.
Before economic crises hit the industry in recent years, it was not uncommon for India's IT workforce to get double-digit pay rises. Still, TCS said its staff in India will get an average of 8% increase in salaries this year.
Part of Infosys' strategy is to break the almost direct link between growth in sales and headcount, which sees the industry hiring tens of thousands of campus recruits every year and spending six or more months training them to be billing-ready.
The idea is to sell more intellectual property, not just the sweat and brainpower of its 150,000-plus employees.
"If you look at the long term, we clearly believe you can't recruit so much high talent, because there'll be a bottleneck at some point," said Shibulal, who at 57 is less than three years shy of Infosys' mandatory retirement age.
FIGHTING COMMODITISATION
The company's aim is take more of a problem-solving or solutions-based approach for customers such as Bank of America-Merrill Lynch , as opposed to simply selling technology services.
"What Infosys is doing is absolutely the right thing from the long term standpoint. The only way to offset the immense commoditisation that the industry faces in the business IT services is if one focuses on higher value-added services," said Kuldeep Koul, an analyst with ICICI Securities in Mumbai.
To that end, Infosys wants its software business to contribute as much as one-third of revenues in five or six years, from a few percentage points now. It wants IT services, the bread-and-butter industry offering that accounts for roughly two-thirds of its business and where competition is the most fierce, to make up just a third of its revenue.
The market is wary, with analysts expecting Infosys to post the slowest earnings growth among key rivals over three to five years, at a compound average annual rate of 12.6%, Thomson Reuters data shows. They expect 13.8% growth for Wipro, 17.3% for  TCS  , 18.2% for  HCL   and 19.4% for Cognizant Technology Solutions .
"Medium-term, I think we'll see the benefits. Medium to long-term we should be fine," said Shibulal. "In the short term, the only thing we need to do is win deals."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   BPO today said it will hire about 8,000 people in the remaining part of this financial year and about 20% of them will be in middle and senior level professionals.     "In FY 2013, we are looking at hiring 10,000-12,000 people. Of this 4,000 have already been hired. About 15-20% of these would be middle and senior level professionals as well as supervisors," Infosys BPO Chief Executive Officer Swami Swaminathan told reporters on the sidelines of NASSCOM BPO Strategy Summit 2012 here.     The employee strength of the BPO unit of Infosys stood at 24,000 people as of June, 2012. The company registered revenues of USD 109.34 million and profit of 16.6 million in the April-June quarter.     "We are looking at 15-18% growth this fiscal. The BPO industry has moved from a transactional to a transformational model. Therefore as a strategy we are hiring more professionals from the industry (of clients) to service our customers," he said.     On acquisitions, he said the company will look at opportunities that "bridges the gap in service offering or takes us to a market where our clients are present. It will be a client centric approach."     He added that BPO's merger and acquisition team is on the lookout for opportunities in areas like legal process outsourcing (LPO), human resource outsourcing (HRO) or companies which bring in solutions for banking and retail sector.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Indian IT outsourcer  Infosys  , which has long said it's comfort size for acquisitions is up to 10% of its own revenue, is open to bigger deals given the right opportunity, a top executive said.
"Whatever size it is, if it makes strategic sense, if we feel we can take it and execute it, we'll look at it," V Balakrishnan, chief financial officer of India's second-biggest software services provider, told Reuters on Tuesday.
"Why not? If it really makes a strategic fit, why not?"
Infosys generated revenue of about USD 7 billion in the fiscal year that ended in March.
Infosys is sometimes chided by investors and analysts for being too cautious with it's USD 3.7 billion cash pile, even as rivals such as  Tata Consultancy Services   and  Wipro   have boosted their businesses with multiple acquisitions.
Infosys wants to accelerate growth in its software business by building other services around those offerings, an area the company calls products and platforms services, which has potential for acquisitions, Balakrishnan said.
Infosys could also look for deals in consulting, where targets are likely to be smaller, he said.
It is also looking to ramp up its business in France and Germany, where it would consider buying local operators, and in the healthcare and life sciences industries, where it is a small player, Balakrishnan said.
"Today we're a USD 7 billion company. Where a good, nice fit comes, which is larger, we'll have a look at it, we're not."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Despite two consecutive quarters of revenue decline,  Infosys   says that it is not worried with Cognizant taking over in quarterly revenues. Rather, the company is focused on its growth trajectory and expects to see a recovery in the medium to long term. 
Speaking to CNBC-TV18's Kritika Saxena, SD Shibulal, MD & CEO of Infosys said that the once conservative Infy was now aggressively looking at big acquisitions. Moreover, he clarified that there were 3 capable people in the top management to take over from him in 2015. 
Here is the edited transcript of the interview on CNBC-TV18.
Q: What are your acquisition plans?
A: If you are focusing on continental Europe, an acquisition in continental Europe will make sense. There are areas which are very relevant for acquisition and consulting, probably in continental Europe or in overall Europe. We are taking 6.5% of revenue from products and platforms today to a much larger base. So, acquisitions make perfect sense. That is a completely new area we have opened up to. 
Our addressable space for acquisition has enlarged considerably when we launched these new strategic directions. We are looking for acquisition in public service, another new area we have opened up. We have set up a subsidiary in US called Infosys Public Service. Hence, it makes sense to acquire something there. There are various areas, which we have identified and we are very focused on looking at acquisitions. 
Q: How much would you spend?
A: Since we are a USD 7 billion corporation, I would say we are comfortable acquiring up to 10% of our revenue.
Q: In 2014 of course there is going to be another change at the helm. There has been a buzz that the next and the most obvious candidate is V Balakrishnan. I want a clarification on that.
A: I think number one, this is a nomination committee decision. It's a very important decision. It is decided by the committee which is a full external board. Number two, we have three people who have joined the board that is Bala, BG and Ashok. We have 40 plus tier-1 leaders and about 150 tier-2 leaders. 
The whole idea behind leadership development is to actually prepare them for higher responsibilities. You have the tier-2 leaders who are actually being prepared for tier-1 and tier-1 is being prepared for higher responsibilities and of course the board members are prepared for higher responsibilities. It is a strategic choice which the nomination committee has to make.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 ICICI Bank   non-executive chairman KV Kamath today disagreed with the suggestion of  SBI   chief Pratip Chaudhuri that RBI should scrap CRR, saying it is part of the monetary policy and no issue can be made of it.
Asked to comment on the vocal slugfest between Chaudhuri and RBI Deputy Governor KC Chakrabarty on the topic, Kamath said in the whole issue of monetary policy, several tools are being used, including Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) and Cash Reserve Ratio.
CRR is the portion of deposits kept by banks with the Reserve Bank on which no interest is paid.
"I think the monetary authority (RBI) in its wisdom uses all these tools as appropriate and that's what is being done. This (CRR) is nothing new. India always had a CRR for as long as I can remember and I don't think honestly (there is) an issue to be made here", he told reporters.
"You should look at it (CRR) as part of monetary policy  that it is exercised and part of it is liquidity policy for the banks", added Kamath, also chairman of  Infosys   Ltd. Earlier, he addressed the eighth India Innovation Summit, organised by CII.
Last week, Chaudhuri made a strong pitch for the abolition of CRR, saying that keeping required funds with the Reserve Bank without any interest was costing the banking system about Rs 21,000 crore.
He called for phasing out of CRR, saying it would allow banks to lower lending rates. If the RBI can't do away with it, it should at least pay some interest on CRR since banks pay their depositors, he had said.
Chaudhuri had also contended that "the CRR policy has possibly denied the country growth, income and employment", and argued that since RBI does not pay any interest on CRR, this acts as a tax on the banking system.
Chakrabarty had this week frowned on Chaudhuri's contention on phasing out CRR. "If the SBI chairman is not able to do business as per our regulatory environment, he has to find some other place," he had said. 
Also read:  Little growth sacrifice inevitable to rein in prices, says RBI  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Leaders of industry have expressed their concerns on CNBC-TV18 on the target growth rate being continuously revised in the back-drop of the first-half of the fiscal coming to a close in the next few months.
Adi Godrej, president, CII and  chairman, Godrej Group is doing his bit to push the government towards much needed reforms and said that growth in the second-half depends on implementation of the reforms process.
"If we do not take the reforms process forward, it will be difficult to achieve growth of even 6.7%. But if the reforms are carried out, the country will be able to achieve and go beyond the target. It is very important that the government accelerates the growth in the economy in the second half of the year, i.e from October-to- March," he said.
NR Narayana Murthy, chairman-emeritus,  Infosys  , said, "It is a concern that we have not lived up to our own expectations of achieving a growth of 8%. But when you consider that other economies in the world are also not growing, you don’t have to be very negative about it. There is no need to beat ourselves."
AM Naik, CMD,  L&T  , "There is a lot of unnecessary engagement at a level which is not productive. The government and the Opposition must work together in these challenging times to make sure that we start moving our wheels again and move towards achieving the target growth rate of 8% - 9% that we have set for ourselves."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Business sentiment in the US is better than Europe on account of the dynamic nature of its economy,  Infosys   Executive Co-Chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan today said.
"They (US) have adjusted. I would say that they have recovered also to some extent. Growth rate has picked up to 2 to 2.5%. Whereas Europe is still trying to figure out solutions. The growth rate is close to zero at this point. So, the business sentiments in the US is better than Europe because it is a dynamic economy," Gopalakrishnan told reporters here on the sidelines of Confederation of Indian Industry event.
However, making investments in Europe was not a bad decision for Indian companies. "India is pro-actively investing in Europe. Europe is not bad for India. If I remember last quarter, Europe grew faster than the company average, I think 18-19%," he said.
Gopalakrishnan added that discretionary spending is coming back in US and Europe, "besides we are winning deals in India."
On the financial services sector, he said a slew of new regulations will create more IT work associated at implementation level which may probably trigger a wave of investments.
Talking about the sentiments of IT clients in the midst of global slowdown, Gopalakrishnan said they are getting used to 'slow growth' period which will continue probably for next two to three years.
"I don't see global economy accelerating for the next two to three years. In this environment, the focus on efficiency cost will continue and some IT companies will invest for the future and will support discretionary spend which may be in smaller chunks," Gopalakrishnan said.
IT companies expect a period of muted growth and industry body NASSCOM had forecasted 11-14% growth which is lower than last year, he said.
"So, the expectation is that the industry has to go through a period of slow growth," he said.
Gopalakrishnan said he was optimistic that the situation will improve and the growth rate will pick up.
Having completed the restructuring process, Infosys is seeing higher growth rate for many of its new initiatives, but they are on smaller base, he said. "The base will start having an impact on overall growth rate over a three to five year period," he added.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Harassment claims by a second whistleblower too are unfounded, television reports cited  Infosys   chief executive SD Shibulal as saying on Tuesday.
On Monday, a US court dismissed harassment charges filed by Jack Palmer, a US employee. Palmer had alleged he was retaliated against by the company after pointing out what he said was the misuse of US B1 visas.
In the second, similar, case Satya Dev Tripuraneni, an American ex-employee, has said he was harassed by his supervisor after he accused Infosys of visa fraud, according to a lawsuit filed on August 2 in the federal court for the Northern District of California.
Infosys shares rose as much as 3.7% to a six-week high, and were up 2.3% at 0955 GMT.
Also Read
 'Infosys victory may deter copycat lawsuits'   												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The  Infosys   victory in federal court in Alabama may deter potential copycat lawsuits against Indian companies and the mere possibility of litigation should not scare away businesses from investing in the US, an eminent Indian American lawyer has said.
"Infosys's victory in federal court may very well have a chilling effect on potential copycat lawsuits against Indian companies," a Birmingham-Alabama-based attorney with Haskell Slaughter Young & Rediker, Jagdesh Kirpalani, told PTI after a federal court dismissed harassment charges against the IT major by one of its American employee - Jack 'Jay' Palmer.
Noting that some blogs and news outlets misapprehended the litigation as a whistleblower case, he said the plaintiff's case against Infosys was not a whistleblower, or qui tam, action.
"Simply put the plaintiff's case was an employment case alleging claims founded in contract and tort. The plaintiff failed to establish that Infosys breached a contract with him. "The plaintiff did not present any conduct on the part of Infosys that rose to the level of an intentional infliction of emotional distress. Accordingly, the court threw out the plaintiff's claims as insufficient," he said.
US District Judge Myron H Thompson said, "Judgement is entered in favour of defendants Infosys Technologies Limited Incorporated and Infosys Limited and against plaintiff Jack 'Jay' Palmer, Jr., with plaintiff Palmer taking nothing by his complaint.
"It is further ordered that costs are taxed against plaintiff Palmer, for which execution may issue."
Referring to the order Kirpalani said, "The plaintiff brought state law claims against Infosys over which the federal court exercised diversity jurisdiction. "Although the matter was pending in federal court, because the case involved state law claims, the court was required to apply Alabama law to the plaintiff's causes of action."
He said the court found that the plaintiff lacked the proof necessary to prevail on his claims at trial, thus, the court entered a judgement in favour of Infosys. Hopefully, one of the points Indian companies will take away from this result is that the system of justice in the US is both fair and efficient, said Kirpalani, whose practice is focused on advising entrepreneurs and established businesses on international business transactions and economic development.
He has a particular concentration on Indian companies doing business in the Southeast and domestic companies doing business in India and Asia. "American federal courts do not express preferences for domestic litigants over foreign litigants or vice versa," Kirpalani added.
Thus, he said, the mere possibility of litigation should not scare Indian business away from continuing to invest in the US.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				A US court in Alabama has dismissed harassment charges filed against  Infosys    the major Indian IT company  by one of its American employee.
"Judgment is entered in favour of defendants Infosys Technologies Limited Incorporated and Infosys Limited and against plaintiff Jack 'Jay' Palmer, Jr, with plaintiff Palmer taking nothing by his complaint," US District Judge Myron H Thompson said in his two-page ruling yesterday.
"It is further ordered that costs are taxed against plaintiff Palmer, for which execution may issue," Judge Thompson said in his order dated August 20, thus bringing an end to a long drawn case against the major Indian IT company.
Finding no basis to support any of the charges filed by Palmer, the judge ordered that all other pending motions are "denied as moot" and all pending objections are overruled as moot, according to the court documents.
"Today's decision confirms what we have been saying from the beginning: Mr Palmer's claims of retaliation were completely unfounded," the Infosys said in a statement soontheerafter.
"This is a company built on core values that include leadership by example, integrity and transparency.  Those values always have and will continue to shape the way we do business with our clients and, without exception, the way we treat our people. 
We are pleased to consider this matter officially closed," Infosys said.
In a statement issued through his attorney, Palmer said he is disappointed in the court's orders, but argued that the judge's order will have no effect on the ongoing criminal investigations against Infosys. 
"While Palmer and I obviously are disappointed in the results, we certainly respect Judge Thompson's decision," said Kenneth J Mendelsohn, Palmer's attorney. "It is important for the public to understand that Judge Thompson did not condone Infosys' conduct. He merely concluded that "under current Alabama law, Palmer has no right to recover from Infosys," Mendelsohn argued.
Judge Thompson even stated that an argument could be made that such threats against whistleblowers, in particular, should be illegal. The issue before the court, however, is not whether Alabama should make these alleged wrongs actionable, but whether they are, in fact, illegal under state law. 
This court cannot rewrite state law, the attorney said. "Most importantly, this decision will have no effect on the ongoing criminal investigations or other claims or charges against Infosys," Mendelsohn said												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Siddharth Bhamre, Angel Broking advice traders to buy  Reliance Industries   on dips and sell  Infosys   on rally.
Bhamre told CNBC-TV18, “Reliance Industries I am bullish with rising crude oil price and rising GRMs and we are seeing good amount cash based of buying along with formation of long positions in a range of Rs 770-780, Rs 760 is a very strong support. I think stock has upside to Rs 840-860 levels so we would be long over there probably doing covered call writing or just buying call options. We would be active over there on the long side.”
He further added, “Infosys we were surprised by the upside move but then there was a gap filling exercise on the charts and I think Rs 2450 to Rs 2500 that remains a strong resistance. Infosys has good amount of long positions which have been created. These long positions would get unwind in this resistance zone so we don’t see significant upside above Rs 2450-2500, we wont short it now but if the rally happens and if stock goes to resistance zone then it would be a wonderful shorting candidate for us in Infosys so sell in rise in Infosys buy now or buy on dips Reliance.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   falls 1.1% to Rs 2,448.90 after gaining 7% over the previous four sessions given concerns that hopes for more Fed monetary stimulus may have been overdone.
The software services exporter also hit after Bank of America-Merrill Lynch warns discretionary IT spending, which makes up a good chunk of its revenues, has seen no pick-up, while demand from financial services "remains challenged" in the near-term.
BofA-ML adds organisational and leadership transition challenges continue, while a deferred wage hike poses risks of employee retention, in a note written after meetings with Infosys executives including its CFO and dated on Thursday.
The investment bank retains the stock at "neutral" with a target price of Rs 2,450.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   is a top pick in IT space from frontliners, says Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bhat told CNBC-TV18, “Top pick from frontline is Infosys; it still continues to be the pick that we have at the moment.  HCL Tech   is another stock that we like quite a bit.”
He further added, “HCL Tech still has enough steam in terms of the bottom line growth as well as in terms of the margin expansion so both will help the stock to perform much better and I think slightly down the line there is Polaris or there is Mphasis also will which possibly could give a reasonably good returns so maybe these are some of the stocks which we would concentrate on the IT.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Book profits in  Infosys   between Rs 2440-2550, says Anil Manghnani, Modern Shares & Stock Brokers.
Manghnani told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys just surprised after making one year low post the numbers. The rally has been so sharp, it has covered the entire gap that was created post the numbers and also at Rs 2440-2450 it is hitting a major 38.2% retracement."
He further added, "The 50 day average is still below, the entire week averages are still below. So I think it is hitting now a major host of resistances. So may be not a short call but definitely a profit taking call anyway between Rs 2440 and Rs 2550. I think in the next fall it should go back to above Rs 2270."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Ambareesh Baliga, Market Analyst advice traders to exit from  Infosys   at current levels and buy Tata Motors around Rs 210- 215 levels.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “We should remember the ground realities that the sector is going through and especially Infosys. So, I suppose those who couldn’t sell post the results, this is an opportunity for them to exit the stock at the current levels because I don’t see too much of an upside from here. The next quarter results would be a dampener, so before that comes it is time to exit.”
He further added, “ Tata Motors  , the way I see the auto sales both international for Jaguar as well as the local sales to actually taper off if you are talking of the next atleast four to six months. So, I suppose post October November you surely get an opportunity maybe closer to about Rs 210-215 levels.”
“At these levels I would be cautious on IT space. There is one stock which we still like is  Thinksoft  . Being in the niche segment we expect it to go up to levels of say about Rs 125-130. It has in fact moved up from Rs 45-50 levels to currently it is about Rs 90. Then I think Rs 125-130 is possible in the next 2-3 months.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com feels that Infosys can add another Rs 50-200 from the current level. Long term invester can hold Tata Power, but trader should exit from the stock. One can go long in Tata Motors.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "In  Infosys   if one is the the trader somewhere around Rs 2500 to Rs 2600 then sell it in that range because then a lot of resistance will come. But as we speak Infosys is rallying today. We have been very upbeat on this stock, another 50 to 200 points possible, so take that."
He further added, "If one is an investor then  Tata Power   is worth holding on to it at current levels. But for trader power stocks are not showing any momentum, one should exit Tata Power and go into the sectors either IT or even banks or FMCG or pharma where there is clear momentum on the upside. As a trading call one should get out. As a long time investor it is a good stock to be in."
"Just like the Nifty  Tata Motors   is facing resistance at Rs 250 but my sense is that it will cross Rs 250 and once it does that it has another 25-30 points on the upside. As a short term trader this is a good time to go long in Tata Motors. Take a target of Rs 270-Rs 275 and stay put."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys is now filling the gap that it had opened up when it fell after the results. That gap started at Rs 2400 and inch by inch it’s moving up. My own sense is that CNX IT is outperforming and Infosys is an out performer in that group. Today it should build on the gains we saw on Friday and eventually it should reach Rs 2400 and fill up the gap completely."
He further added, "Once a gap is filled, it has even more bullish implications but that is at a later stage. So Infosys is a buy, intraday traders must look at it and every dip is a buying opportunity."
"The stocks that are doing well are likely to do well; this is a market that is rewarding relative strength. We have seen how infrastructure stocks have collapsed; after declines they didn’t go up, they went on going down. Similarly the best stocks are going down;  Bajaj Auto   like the Nifty is in a trading range. I am assuming that maybe the Nifty could take some time before it breaks out but Bajaj Auto is likely to do that breakout prior to the Nifty. So we are buying almost before new upmove comes. As usual all trades can go wrong which is why stop losses are used."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
A US court case against  Infosys  , which was scheduled to begin on Aug 20, has been pushed to Sept 17.
The trial has been pushed to next month as the judged has sought more time to review a summary-judgement motion, according to CNBC-TV18.
The lawsuit has been filed by Jack Palmer, a former employee at the India's second largest software services provider. He has alleged the company retaliated against him after he pointed out misuse of B-1 visas.
B-1 visas are used for short-term business use, like attending conferences and meetings, while H-1B visas allows companies to hire foreigners to work there.
On Thursday, Infosys said, it respected and appreciated judge's thorough review of motion and doesn't feel the need for trial.
A second similar lawsuit was filed last week by Satya Dev Tripuraneni, who worked with Infosys for five years. He claims he blew the whistle over the B1 visa fraud and had complained to the company internally, but no action was taken.
However, Infosys claims that the visa misuse issue is being investigated.
Infosys shares were down 0.5%  at Rs 2,317.95 on NSE in late afternoon trade on Thursday.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				
					Excerpts from What's Hot on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
					
				 Infosys  ’ probe into former employee Satya Dev Tripuraneni’s claims of harassment says that there is no evidence to support his claim.
The IT major completed its probe today, and informed that there was not enough evidence to support allegations of harassment by Satya.
Satya is a former employee who had sued the company for visa malpractices and harassment. 
This comes at a time when the company is preparing to face trials for similar charges by its ex-employee Jack Palmer.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Even as IT giant  Infosys   faces visa troubles in the US, in India it has bagged a big deal from India Post, reports Shreya Roy of CNBC-TV18.
The contract that Infosys has won is part of a Rs 1900 crore project which India Post had announced in 2010. There has been some delay in taking this contract forward and it was on the anvil for a long time.
But, Infosys has confirmed that it has finally bagged the Rs 700 crore project. It is a multi-year deal for Financial Services System Integration and Infosys is part of it. It will implement its banking product Finacle and its insurance product McCamish. 
It is also going to help in training around 35,000 post office employees on the use of these products and has the potential of transforming around 150,000 post offices around the country.
The project will help install about 1,000 ATMs and electronic content management systems for India Post. It is going to do data migrations, software and hardware design.
There have been a lot of delays in this project because the government wasn't taking it forward and without any clarity on how IT projects would be taken forward, the project so far had taken a back seat. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
A new lawsuit has been filed in the US against  Infosys  , India's second largest software services provider, by a former employee alleging misuse of B1 visas.
Satya Dev Tripuraneni worked with Infosys for five years and claims he blew the whistle over the B1 visa fraud and had complained to the company internally, but no action was taken.
However, Infosys claims that the visa misuse issue is being investigated.
"Shortly after Mr Tripuraneni filed his complaint with the Infosys whistleblower team, per our policy, the company launched a comprehensive investigation of his allegations. That investigation is continuing," a company spokesperson said on Thursday.
Infosys is already facing a lawsuit filed by another former employee Jack Palmer, who has alleged a similar visa fraud at the company.
Palmer has alleged that the company retaliated against him after he pointed out misuse of B1 visas.
According to Palmer, when the US State Department started putting a cap on the number of H-1B visas, Infosys began using the B-1 visas to send workers to the US, and the Indian workers on his team were paid substantially less than what Americans would have earned doing the same job.
B1 visas are used for short-term business use, like attending conferences and meetings, while H-1B visas allows companies to hire foreigners to work there.
The trial related to the case filed by Palmer will start in a US court on Aug 20, after a mediation process between the two parties failed, Infosys said last month.
Nachiket Kelkarnachiket.kelkar@network18online.com  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The plot of  Infosys   versus Jack Palmer has thickened further, reports CNBC-TV18. 
The IT giant has filed a motion in American courts to dismiss two exhibits of evidence submitted by palmer, alleging that Palmer’s documents may not be authentic.
Infosys has said in a court filing that employing services of an electronic data firm. It has found discrepancies between the copies of emails submitted by Palmer and the original documents held in the firms data base.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The Jack Palmer versus  Infosys   case will go into mediation today. Palmer's attorney has told CNBC-TV18 that his client will be going with an open mind and in full faith.
He also stressed that palmer will want Infosys to admit to wrong doing. Infosys on the other hand continues to stand its ground. 
The company said it had not retaliated against Palmer for bringing any suspected incident to the company's attention. Palmer is charging Infosys with visa fraud and harassment. If a settlement is not reached, the case will go for trail on the August 20.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Country's second largest software firm  Infosys   today said it plans to hire close to 2,000 people in the US by the end of this year.     "Infosys hired 1,200 people in the US in 2011, and has already added more than 1,000 employees in the country this year. Total US recruitment is expected to be close to 2,000 by the end of 2012," Infosys said in a statement.     Over the past months, anti-outsourcing campaign against Indian technology companies has gained momentum in the US and the European Union -- main markets for domestic software and IT service companies.     Politicians and governments in these countries have been objecting to offshoring of work by their companies to countries like India so as to retain jobs back home. Industry experts have called such criticism a political rhetoric. Most Indian technology companies have been consistently hiring more and more in the western countries over the past few years to blunt the criticism of 'taking away' jobs. Infosys has also announced expansion of its US operations by setting up a new 125-seater centre in Wisconsin to provide end-to-end technology, consulting and systems integration services. The centre will also house a training center. With this, Infosys now has 18 facilities in the US and is reflective of the commitment it has to local job creation, Infosys said.     The centre in Wisconsin is a part of Infosys' engagement with American motorcycle manufacturer Harley-Davidson.     Infosys provides a range of technology services including applications management, infrastructure support and hosting services. The new Wisconsin delivery center initially will house 125 seats, including the positions expected to migrate from Harley-Davidson, Infosys said. "It is critical for Infosys to create global hubs of talent, and the Midwest is a key region with a number of our important clients," Infosys Head (Americas) and Member of Board Ashok Vemuri said. The new Wisconsin delivery center will be operational later this year. Infosys also plans to expand this site in the near future, establishing centers of excellence for specific domain and technology areas. Infosys plans to hire 35,000 people globally this fiscal, including 13,000 for its BPO operations.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Anil Manghnani of Modern Shares & Stock Brokers feels that below Rs 207,  Tata Motors   may test Rs 180-185.
Manghnani told CNBC-TV18, "I think other than the midcap carnage some of the largecaps that need mentioning include Tata Motors, Tata Steel, Infosys and JSPL although Tata Motors had a clear support at Rs 207. It closed below that and being an F&O expiry maybe it will give it a little bit, try to see whether it can get back above Rs 207."
He further added, "If it consistently trades below Rs 207 then there is no level up to Rs 180-185 range, so definitely worrisome because at Rs 217 it was the low when the index was 4,770. Today at more than 5,000 it is at a new low. So underperforming the market and similar with  Tata Steel   where the low was Rs 389 when we were 4,770." 
"But to divert a little bit  the two that worry me are  JSPL   and Infosys because JSPL is now at a two-three year low. So that stock is taking a hammering. I think the next target is closer to Rs 352 and  Infosys   being such a big stock for the market Rs 2,160 was last August’s low. It’s now decisively broken that. The next target for that is Rs 1,975. These four stocks have got nothing to do with pledging, nothing to do with margin calls, there is just definitely some institutional base selling there."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   can test Rs 2260, says Ashwin Mehta, IT Analyst at Nomura India.
Mehta told CNBC-TV18, "In Infosys we would not play the turnaround hopes purely on valuations. I think there are some fundamental issues that we had highlighted earlier as well which is that they need to save share within the cost efficiency segment and they have mix issues in terms of the discretionary portions not doing well for them and that’s a big piece of their portfolio."
He further added, "So unless they get a handle on that we would not be playing turnaround hopes. The stock could drift down in our view. In terms of upsides we do not see material upsides. Our target price on the stock is around Rs 2,260."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com shares his view on  BPCL   and  Infosys  .
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "BPCL is pushing towards new highs. After a small correction, it has started its rally. It is a news driven stock. On the charts, the sense is that it is moving up. If news comes about and disappoints then that is different. So traders must keep a stop loss here."
He further added, "Infosys - for a day trader, we can expect some follow through and you can go and buy. So for day trading flow is different but on an intermediate term, I think Infosys is probably going to head lower. These rallies will come because we had a very big decline and yesterday was a relatively better day overall for the broad market but only a day trade in Infosys is justified on the long side probably at some point we will see resistance and a resumption of the downtrend."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Shardul Kulkarni, Angel Broking is of the view that  Infosys   may go upto Rs 2350-2400.
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, “I would not short Infosys the reason being that as I have mentioned on your show at least 3-4 times earlier that right now we are seeing positive diversions on the daily chart in case of Infosys. That does not necessarily tell you that you should be going long, but definitely you should not be going short when the stock shows you positive diversions. The stock may bounce. In the near future you may see the stock moving to around Rs 2,350-2,400, but the rally will not be impulsive.”
He further added, “It will be a corrective rally which will basically mean that the stock will move slowly and steadily when the market moves or when the market is sideways the stock will underperform the market in a big way. But yes, the underlying tone will be positive. So from a portfolio perspective it would be an avoid, but from a trader who is willing to take the risk then yes, probably a move to Rs 2,350-2,400 is possible.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   has target of Rs 2100-2120, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "In Infosys my level of Rs 2200 has been cracked, it has broken below it and there is a free fall here. Naturally it is going to stop at some place but immediately I can sense a target on Rs 2100 -2120 on the downside for a short-term trader. It should be sold whenever there is strength in it."
He further added, " NCC   is one of those charts that had a V-shaped rally, it suddenly started going up after falling day after day. There is much more downside left in this stock before we can make up our minds whether the final low has been made, so NCC is a short sell. Even if the Nifty were to go up, I would be comfortable selling this one."
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Leading IT-based companies have queued up to bid for a government's proposed state-of-the-art call centre aimed at providing greater access to host of services under the Right to Information (RTI) Act.
Officials in the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said many private firms have expressed interest in the proposal.
Encouraged by the usage of the transparency law, the DoPT has proposed a 'RTI Call Centre and Portal Project' to make the entire process of filing RTI applications and first appeals user friendly and transparent, and make it easier for the respective ministry or department to track the status of RTI applications through the portal.
Representatives of over a dozen companies had attended a pre-bid conference organised by the DoPT last month to discuss matters related to the request for proposal document.
"We have got good response on the proposal. Many corporates including  TCS  ,  Infosys  ,  Wipro   and Spanco among others have approached us. The pre-qualification bid will be opened on July 20," the official said. The last date for receiving application is July 19.
As per the proposal, the selected agency will set up, operate and maintain an RTI call centre to facilitate voice calls, SMS and Inter-Voice Response System managed calls.
It will also develop, implement and maintain an RTI portal, provisioning of data centre?disaster recovery services for hosting of the portal and training to government personnel.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

		#####END OF ARTICLE###

		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The country's largest insurer LIC has hiked its stake in  Infosys   to a record high level of 6.3% with purchase of shares worth an estimated Rs 2,000 crore in the first quarter of the current fiscal.
Life Insurance Corp of India (LIC), also one of the biggest investors in the Indian stock market, saw its holding in the IT major rise from 4.9% to 6.3% during the quarter ended June 30, 2012.
Based on the average market price during the period, the increase in LIC's Infosys holding could be worth more than Rs 2,000 crore. LIC is the largest non-promoter shareholder of the company.
LIC hiked its stake in Infosys even as a number of foreign investors pared their holding in the IT company -- which has been known as the bellwether stock in the Indian IT space till recently, but is now facing growing concerns about its future growth prospects.
Infosys shares fell sharply yesterday after the company disappointed with its first-quarter results and the weakness was seen continuing in the stock even today morning.
The stock was down 0.7% at Rs 2,250 at the BSE in mid-day trade, as against a 52-week high of 2,990 on February 22, 2012.
The overall FII holding in Infosys fell from 39% to nearly 38% during the last quarter, although major investors like Aberdeen, Oppenheimer, Franklin Templeton, Vanguard and Singapore Government's investment arm raised their stake marginally in the Indian IT firm.
Among the major overseas investors (those holding at least 1%), only Abu Dhabi Investment Authority pared its stake, that too very marginally from 2.12% to 2.08%. However, all the FIIs together are estimated to have sold shares worth about Rs 1,500 crore during the quarter.
Concerns are being raised about Infosys' growth prospects for two quarters now, but state-run LIC appears to be keeping its faith in the company, market observers said.
Barring the last quarter of the previous fiscal ended March 31, 2012, LIC has been mostly raising its stake in Infosys for many quarters now.
LIC had made its first investment in Infosys way back in 2002, when its holding was nearly 2%. Since then, LIC's stake has been continuously rising in Infosys and had crossed 5% mark last year and then rose past 6% level during the last quarter.
Prior to LIC, the erstwhile Unit Trust of India (UTI) -- one of the biggest stock market investors of the country before being wound up -- used to be the largest non-promoter shareholder in Infosys. UTI held a stake of more than 8% way back in 2001, but it gradually fell to about 1% by 2003.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Anu Jain, IIFL Private Wealth Management shares her view on  TCS   and  Infosys  .
Jain told CNBC-TV18, "The fact remains that if you look at the IT index, it is indicating a sell. But if you look how the way market was closing yesterday, I think probably you could see a short-term bounce coming into the counter. So TCS has got support at about Rs 1,185 and if it can manage to hold on to Rs 1,227, you will see some kind of short covering coming into the counter."
She further added, "Same is with Infosys, so on the intraday charts, towards the closing there was a buy signal on Infosys that it could probably pullback a bit to about Rs 2,240-2,280. So where it closed at Rs 2,170, it just breached Rs 2,180 levels, which was the major support. So there was some kind of fresh shorting on to the counter but I think it is more poised right now for atleast an intermediate pullback even if there is no strong build up beyond Rs 2,240. But I think probably today or tomorrow you could see a pullback into the CNX-IT. So if you look per se out of that, I think about 2-2.5%, which it gave up yesterday the IT index, it could catch up on that again."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Malkan of  www.malkansview.com  , Shardul Kulkarni of Angel Broking and Arunesh Madan, Founder and Director of Augment Investment, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Malkan  www.malkansview.com  
 Pantaloon Retail   is a sell call. It has broken the support of Rs 180 along with 20 days moving average, bearish candlestick pattern has been formed on daily charts. I recommend a sell with a stop of Rs 180 for targets of Rs 174 and Rs 172.50.
 TCS   is also a sell call. It has broken a three week low of Rs 1,210. I recommend a sell with a stop of Rs 1,219 for targets of Rs 1,195 and Rs 1,188.
 
Shardul Kulkarni, Angel Broking
We have a sell call at  Petronet LNG  . After a strong run up from Rs 125 odd levels to Rs 150, the stock is showing decent resistance near Rs 150 mark. Going forward, we expect a decent bit of correction in case of Petronet LNG. Thus we recommend selling Petronet LNG July futures in the range of Rs 147 to Rs 148. The stop loss on the higher side should be placed at Rs 149.75. The target price in the next three-five trading sessions is Rs 142.
The second call is a sell call in the case of  Hero Motocorp  . We recommend selling the July futures in case of Hero Motocorp below the levels of Rs 2,080. The stop loss for the trade would be at Rs 2,110. The expected target in the next three-five trading sessions is Rs 2,020.
 
Arunesh Madan, Founder and Director of Augment Investment Pvt ltd
 Infosys   has broken below a very significant support of Rs 2,190 in yesterday’s trade. With this the structure of the stock has turned bearish. Look to short this stock in the range of Rs 2,170-2,185 with a stop loss being placed above Rs 2,220 levels on a closing basis and look for a target of Rs 2,050 and Rs 2,100 in the coming days.
 Maruti Suzuki   has a very strong resistance in the range of Rs 1,220 to Rs 1,230 and hence we will use the current strength in the stock to create short positions in the range of Rs 1,205 to Rs 1,210. Look for a target of Rs 1,155 in the coming days and keep a stop loss above Rs 1,230 on a closing basis.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
																
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													IT stocks may slip further from current levels, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ Infosys   has cracked Rs 2200 and that tells us that a significant downside could actually now be beginning. So the first 300 points were just a first leg of what could be a very bad season for tech stocks. The fact that TCS has also cracked only reconfirms that the CNX-IT which was the weakest continues to be weak and my point is this is not a time to do bottom-fishing. The bottom is not in sight yet. Much lower levels are probably coming in all the IT stocks.”
He further added, “ JSW Steel   and  Sesa Goa   were both suggested for selling in the morning and Jindal Steel and Power last week. All of them should see much lower levels because they had seen good rallies. So the bounce down from the rally should be very strong on the downside and it’s very attractive for short positions. We have reached 5200 in the Nifty and our targets were somewhere between 5100-5150. So I am assuming that the targets probably could be reached in this week itself.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Barclays Capital adds  Hindalco   to its top-10 stock picks in India, in place of  Infosys  , which was downgraded to 'equal-weight' following disappointment on its April-June results.
The investment bank says Hindalco could benefit from potential approvals on coal blocks at its Mahan project, as well as cash flow from US unit Novelis, which is not dependent on commodity prices.
BarCap also raises its "overweight" positions in consumer staples and health care, as part of its "defensive stance in favour of sectors with earnings visibility and strong fundamentals."
Investment bank also maintains its "Overweight" Stance on infra-related sectors such as building materials given prospect of policy measures after presidential elections on July 19.
BarCap reduces stance on IT Services sector to "market weight."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   around Rs 2200, says PN Vijay, Portfolio Manager,  www.askpnvijay.com  .
Vijay told CNBC-TV18, “One is cautious on IT surely because most of the Indian companies are US and BFSI focused and both the US and banking financial sector insurance space in the US are facing some headwinds for growth. So growth is something which is going to be very insipient in these companies with a possible exception of HCL Technologies and maybe one or two others, Mahindra Satyam etc but generally the outlook is very cautious.”
He further added, “On Infosys, the market was very merciless and I was just thinking if we go by the Rs 166 earnings per share projection, which the management has given for the current year, really talking about Infosys being available for something around 14 or less price earnings multiplier which is the cheapest to my mind we have seen Infosys in last 15 years.”
“Even in the crash of 2008, I think it didn’t go to that level. So for value investors Infosys around Rs 2,200 would be a very good buy, they may be going for volume rather than the high margins which they used to charge and generally the whole market to me seems a value pick market because with India’s macros inching better, we have got a good trade deficit figure of USD 10 billion. USD 10 billion if we can stick to which is USD 120 billion a year we are home and dry because the CAD will be about 2.8-2.9 which means the rupee is strengthening and the IIP after two negatives we had a positive month, so India is a perfect example of the macro economy inching up slowly and valuations being very attractive. So Infosys is the typical case of a blue-chip which has got beaten down, so for people who have twelve months plus timeframe at Rs 2,200 it is a good buy.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys  ,  HCL Technologies   and  Wipro   are looking weaker in the IT space, says Salil Sharma, Technical Analyst, Kapur Sharma & Co.
Sharma told CNBC-TV18, "If one has to be in the IT space its best to stick to the midcap because the frontline all four or five of them are looking like not going anywhere.  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) even though it’s trading with a positive bias it’s just unable to clear Rs 1290-1300 barrier. So, what we understand is kind of aptly valued."
He further added, "Infosys is looking very weak and HCL Technology, Wipro all of them are on the weaker side. From the midcap space MindTree is looking good and InfoTech Enterprises is looking good so any of these stocks react once could use that as a native point.  Geometric Software   also could be added to that list. Infosys which is looking quite dangerous if it breaks down below Rs 2190 it could even head towards a Rs 1950 so if you look at Infosys its given two gap downs, first one came at the last quarterly results came out and the second gap down came yesterday."
Disclosures: Whatever we have discussed, we would have a direct or indirect interest in it.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Shardul Kulkarni, Angel Broking is of the view that one can buy  Infosys   at current level.
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, “TCS outperformed Infosys in terms of results but on the chart essentially nothing much has changed. We still see that TCS has resistance on the upside at Rs 1280-1290 levels and good support at around Rs 1220. The stock is been trading in this particular band for more than about a month, month and a half and I think that this particular band should hold."
He further added, "So, probably while Infosys is down at Rs 2200 I think that you should avoid  TCS   as of now because this range bound activity is likely to continue in case of TCS. Infosys can actually offer you good opportunities because stock actually has shown you now a positive divergence on the daily charts. I think one should be looking at buying Infosys at current levels just to play for a small bounce of probably Rs 75-100 in the near term.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudin Apte of Offshore Insights and Partha Iyengar of Gartner discuss, on CNBC-TV18, the change of guard in the IT sector in the backdrop of Infosys declaring results today. 
Q:  Infosys   has decided to hold back on any further quarterly guidance and they have cut full-year guidance to just 5%. Can this be taken as an indication that the situation will only get worse? 
Apte: We have been stating that the IT market will grow only by 6-8% for the last six years. For the last five-to-six quarters, it has been clear that Infosys is not on the top of the band of the fastest growing companies in the industry. So, we were expecting Infosys to grow at 5-5.5%. 
However, the over 1% shrink in revenues quarter-on-quarter (QoQ), and that over 7% drop in profitability comes as a surprise. I think there was a drop in revenues from financial services as well as Europe.
Another surprise is that quarterly prices have gone down by 3.7%. This means that on one side the company has initiated a discount and on other side, it has not managed to grow, which is surely a concern. Until now, Infosys protected its margin and compromised on growth. 
Q: Partha, you clearly believe that this a change of guard in the IT sector? Is  TCS   the new IT bellwether?
Iyengar: Absolutely. The change of guard has been occurring for the past two-to-three quarters. The change is final and I would go as far as to say that we really should stop calling Infosys the bellwether of the IT industry as it does the IT industry a disservice. I believe that there are many company-specific issues regarding Infosys. 
Q: The Infosys CFO that they are not trying to do anything to compromise the pricing, margins, not chasing volumes but what do you see in commentary because volume growth has stayed where it was, pricing pressure has really hurt them?
Apte: Pricing is another concern or pressure for every provider. Clients are in a tough situation, the budgets are very tight. So, clearly clients are not in a mood to pay the prices that they were paying a year ago or six months back. 
We consistently see clients asking for discounts and as the competition flares up and some players willing to give discount compared to others, I think there is pressure on discounting which is clearly visible.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Software services major  Infosys   today said it will stick to its target of hiring 35,000 people this fiscal but is not looking at wage hikes for now. 
The hiring plan, which includes 13,000 jobs for its BPO operations, will be adhered to despite an uncertain global economic growth environment and the wage-hike freeze.
"We are going to add 35,000 more people this year, the same number as we guided last quarter for the full year," Infosys Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan said here, after the first quarter results announcement. 
The number includes 13,000 people for the BPO operations, he added.      
The company said, however, it is not looking at wage hikes as of now.      
Its larger rival TCS, which will announce results later today, has plans to hire 50,000 people in FY13. 
Balakrishnan said Infosys has given promotions to 20,000 people, effective July 1, 2012. This is about over 13 per cent of the company's total strength of 1,51,151 as on June 30.
"We have done the promotions and progressions as we tlked last time, we have done 20,000 across the corporations. If you look at 2008-2009, we had looked at the wage hike in the middle of the year. We will revisit the wage hike as usual in the middle of the year," Infosys CEO and Managing Director S D Shibulal said.
Infosys had said last quarter that it will not give any wage hikes and would review the decision depending on performance.      
However, with lower-than-expected earnings and forecast, in dollar term, it is unlikely that the freeze will be lifted any time soon.      
Although in rupee terms, Infosys Q1 earnings jumped 32.92% to Rs 2,289 crore, in dollar terms they has grown just 4.8%. Besides, the company has also lowered its dollar revenue growth forecast for 2012-13 to 5%, from 8% announced earlier.      
The scrip of Infosys was trading lower by 8.56% at Rs 2,255.15 on the BSE.      
Infosys and its subsidiaries added 9,236 (gross) people in the first quarter of FY'13, while the net addition during the period stood at 1,157 employees. 
The rate of attrition during the quarter was marginally higher at 14.9% against 14.7% in the January-March quarter of 2011-12.      
"Typically, attrition in the first quarter (of a fiscal) goes up because people tend to go for higher studies. About 30% of our attrition was due to this reason," he added.      
The company also said its margins were impacted by spend on visa and employee cost.      
The US had raised visa fee in 2010, a move that India has been protesting against at different forums. Indian companies like TCS, Infosys and Wipro have been affected by the US action on visa fee hike for professionals. The US is the largest market for Indian software companies accounting for about 60% of the revenues.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Buy  TCS   on dips, says Sandeep J. Shah, CEO, Sampriti Capital.
Shah told CNBC-TV18, "Last time after Infosys results, I had said that  Infosys   is off my investment radar screen even though it is a great company and our top picks would be TCS and  HCL Technologies  , which is the current consensus as well. I think TCS has reported a good set of numbers but it is also important to remember that they have seen a 1% price decline. I think pricing is going to be a key challenge for most companies even though for TCS it has only been a 1% decline."
He further added, "I think the volume growth has been 5% which is a fairly good number because 1% they have lost because of cross currency. The fact that they are able to scale up the business, they are growing in most geographies, they are growing across verticals, that is a fairly good sign."
"TCS had some trouble a few years back; they got over it, cut their prices but now their margins are in-line with Infosys as well and I think there is a case that Infosys margins may fall off as they need to continue cutting prices. So TCS will continue to remain the top pick but it is not a stock that you can jump and buy because headwinds continue whether it is in Europe or the US. Globally, growth is a very serious issue and you are going to see regulatory action there. So TCS would remain the top pick but it is a stock you want to buy on weakness."
"I think you would want to wait for HCL Technologies results but at the same point of time, the only thing that I would like to add on as far as Infosys is concerned is that the price is back to where it was in 2008 and the earnings are higher. The point is that Infosys has finally started taking price cuts and focusing on volume, they are talking about 8-10% volume growth for this year, which is a reasonable growth. It is still lower than what NASSCOM is forecasting."
"Infosys is in the middle of a transformation. I think Infosys is now finally getting to a price where it is back on my investment radar screen but I am in no rush to buy it there. As far as the mid-sized companies are concerned, it is very difficult to jump in and buy some of the mid-sized companies when the largecaps are facing some amount of headwinds. So TCS results are good but they are not great."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Barclays Capital cut its ratings on  Infosys   to "equal weight" from "overweight", citing "disappointing" April-June earnings and saying the company's guidance was still too aggressive.
Barclays also cut its target price on the stock to Rs 2,300 from Rs 3,010.
Infosys on Thursday sharply cuts its revenue forecast for fiscal 2012-13, sending its shares sharply lower.
"Full year guidance still implies aggressive growth going forward, which could be underestimating risks," Barclays said in a note.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Anil Manghnani, Modern Shares & Stock Brokers feels that below Rs 2200,  Infosys   may slip to Rs 2000.
Manghnani told CNBC-TV18, "For Infosys it is second quarter in a row post its numbers you have see a sharp correction, so it has probably lost its leadership. I think it is going through what HUL did five-seven years back when it used to be your core portfolio holding and then it just gave up after that. I think the same thing is happening with Infosys. It now probably becomes a trading stock rather than core portfolio holding."
He further added, "For Infosys Rs 2200 remains the key levels because that is where it hit last quarter post the numbers and that is close to where we hit yesterday. But if it starts to break Rs 2200 then I think it’s headed towards Rs 2000."
" Wipro   is another one that has cracked quite disastrously in the last 10 days. It is at a major support at Rs 353, which is a major moving average. But if we look at the momentum indicators then one would start to get worried. If there is any shocker on the numbers and it breaks Rs 353, it could head back all the way to Rs 310."
" TCS   is the difficult one to call because if you look at the charts one would say it is over stretched and Rs 1290 is the problem area. But it might just continue to benefit from the fact that there is no alternative now. If funds want to hold IT, the largest stock is TCS."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													More downside is likely to happen in IT space, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ Indiabulls Real Estate   and  HDIL   both are worth buying but this is not a good time to buy. If we start trading on half hour movements or 5 minute movements then the trader will be out of the business very soon. So you wait patiently, the Nifty itself is telling us that it is going through beginning correction of some kind.”
He further added, “These random moves sometimes will keep on coming but they are not tradable. HDIL and Indiabulls Real estate are both worth buying into but some patience is required. Probably next week when the market bottoms out that’s the time to buy them.”
“I would assume that  TCS   also would be a short sell and the other 3,  HCL Tech  ,  Infosys   and  Wipro   have already been sold. Infosys today but Wipro and HCL earlier. So the broad view is that there is more downside in the IT space and the trade is professional traders should go to look and short it, keep appropriate stop losses but others should not try to buy. These are falling knives, they are not yet at a point where we can buy them.”
"We are looking at a smallcap and midcap stocks rather than the large blue-chips, we are looking at Siemens to go short in and surprisingly an FMCG stock Godrej Industries has done very well today, it has turn around what apparently was a correction, so that is something we should be looking at to go long."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip to Rs 2150, says SP Tulsian, sptulsian.com.
Tulsian told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, if you see in last couple of months people have started taking a positive call that FY13 is likely to be very good and we have seen the short-term buying or maybe the investment kind of buying happening in the stock between Rs 2,400-2,500, probably entire quantity doesn’t come for selling, but once we will be out with the results of maybe TCS which is expected this evening and if that is seen to be better again we will be seeing a good shift from Infy to  TCS  .”
He further added, “The kind of consistency and confidence which we have been witnessing in TCS for last eight or nine quarters and if it gets repeated today also it will really be reassuring and the shift is likely to continue from Infosys to TCS and in that situation maybe one cannot say that the pessimism has got factored into the price. I am expecting the price to fall to about Rs 2,150. So if somebody wants to plunge into the stock he should really wait for the further fall of about Rs 100 in the Infosys. For the traders it is a different ballgame. They need to watch the trend and then accordingly take a call, but for the investors the right price for entry could be anywhere at around Rs 2,100-2,150.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that Infosys has support at Rs 2200.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ Infosys   support comes at Rs 2,200 and it’s landed there rather strikingly as we all see. If Rs 2,200 is broken then the next support levels for Infosys is invisible. It’s way below at Rs 1,600. I do not know if Rs 1,600 is going to come for the stock. It’s very unlikely but my point is that if we break this level of Rs 2,200 and we could if the Nifty slides down then it’s free for all for Infosys, we cannot say where it will stop but we should not try to catch falling knives. We should not go long. 
He further added, “There is a good chance that Rs 2,200 will give way but since we have many options and alternatives for me selling the Nifty is easier than selling Infosys at current levels but the short trade in Infosys exists, in fact, not only in Infosys but also in  HCL Tech  ,  Wipro   and  TCS   where I anticipate that irrespective of the results the stock prices are likely to move down. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Aashish Tater, Head of Research, Fort Share Broking shares trading strategy of the day.
I am going long on  Patel Engineering   for a target of Rs 105 with a closing stop of around Rs 98.
I am also going long on  Kokuyo Camlin   for a target of close to Rs 46. Keep stop loss of Rs 40.
I am going long on  United Spirits   for a target of Rs 800 with a closing stop of around 680. 
I am going to short  Infosys   for a target of Rs 2350 with a closing stop of around Rs 2485.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   has strong support at Rs 2,200, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "There was suggestion earlier that one should short IT index. We have been selling  Wipro   and  HCL Tech   today and the IT index is heading much lower." 
He further added, "For Infosys the strong support is at Rs 2,200, which is roughly where it has found support today. But since the markets are unpredictable if Rs 2,200 breaks then there is nothing in Infosys till Rs 1,600. I cannot make a call whether Infosys will slide further and go down but the trade here would be to short it further if it cracks Rs 2,200." 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Jai Bala, Chief Market Technician, Cashthechaos.com shares his view on  Infosys   and  TCS  .
Bala told CNBC-TV18, "The structure for Infosys is a bit dicey for the short term but the medium term outlook is quite clear. Whether or not today the stock goes for a pop up or comes down, I think in the medium term the stock is bound to come down to about Rs 1900 levels, so you must play that accordingly."
He further added, "There is a huge gap between Rs 2700 and Rs 2500 for Infosys, probably it could bounce to that level and come down or can straight away come down, that’s very difficult to predict at this point in time because it’s a complex correction. But if you look at TCS it’s got maximum of about Rs 100-150 upside. It has satisfied the minimum condition required to finish the ending wave. So, here again if you are already in the money, it's ideal to take profits and stay neutral on the stock here."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well.
This week, Investment Advisor, SP Tulsian, Aashish Tater, Fort Share Broking and Parag Doctor, Keynote Capital battle it out for top honours.
Investment Advisor, SP Tulsian  
Buy  CMC   for target of Rs 900 and keep a target of Rs 855
Buy  Den Network   for target of Rs 118 and keep a stoploss at Rs 111.50
Buy  Nelco   for target of Rs 59 and keep a stoploss at Rs 54.90
Short  Financial Technologies   for target of Rs 750 and keep a stoploss at Rs 785
Disclaimer: He holds Nelco. Other stocks discussed may have been recommended to clients.
Aashish Tater, Fort Share Broking
Buy  Patel Engineering   for target of Rs 105 and keep a stoploss at Rs 98
Buy  Kokuyo Camlin   for target of Rs 46 and keep a stoploss at Rs 40
Buy  United Spirits   for target of Rs 800 and keep a stoploss at Rs 680
Short  Infosys   for target of Rs 2350 and keep a stoploss at Rs 2485
Disclaimer: He doesn't hold stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Parag Doctor, Keynote Capital
Buy  Divis Labs   for target of Rs 1090 and keep a stoploss at Rs 1010
Buy  VIP Industries   for target of Rs 88 and keep a stoploss at Rs 82
Buy  TVS Motor   for target of Rs 44 and keep a stoploss at Rs 39
Short  Escorts   for target of Rs 67 and keep a stoploss at Rs 72
Disclaimer: He doesn't hold stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher shares his view on  Infosys  .
Bhat told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, everybody knows that this Q1 is going to be weak and I don’t think that there is going to be any surprise, we are all talking in the dollar terms.”
He further added, “In the rupee terms, it is going to be a good growth but I think going forward, as what we see it is basically management is in a very transitional phase, I think coming to terms with some of the problems and some of the issues whether they have to gain a market share or whether they have to chase the profitability remains a dilemma and more so especially when you are now threshold of some kind of a management change. So I think all this will lead to probably management still guiding for a very sober growth, I don’t think that they would have anything much to talk on the optimistic side. So probably I think that is what we expect from Infosys.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													SP Tulsian, sptulsian.com is cautious on IT space.
Tulsian told CNBC-TV18, “If  Infosys   result disappoints only one stock which can really stand totally different then the whole sector is  TCS   because whenever we have seen Infosys correcting post results, post disappointment we have seen the effect of that spreading on HCL Technology as well as Wipro also.”
He further added, “I am not covering the midcap IT stocks because they are all ruled and governed by its own results and its own news flows. Whether you talk of the Hexaware or other stocks like Polaris and all that, but yes on the broader ones you will be little cautious including the  Tech Mahindra   which is now in the new avatar of the merger of Satyam Computer as well. So if Infosys disappoints you need to remain cautious on all the stocks except for TCS because fortunately we have the TCS results also on the same day. So again take a call separately on TCS but cautious view on the entire sector.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Infosys   may slip to Rs 2200, says Ambareesh Baliga, COO, Way2Wealth.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, the revenue in dollar terms will be more or less flat maybe slightly lower; you will have the margins coming down. I think the only redeeming feature would be possibly the currency playing in its favor and possibly the delay in people joining Infosys that deferment and surely no wage hike but these are not the reasons to buy this stock. So infact we have been negative on Infosys for a while and the way I see it is post the results we could see levels closer to about Rs 2,200.”
He further added, “Infosys may slip to Rs 2200 post the results because once people see it in the black and white that this would be the second time they are not meeting the guidance and in case there is a change in guidance going ahead, clearly I think Rs 2,200 would be the level to be looked at.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com advice traders to sell  Asian Paints   and buy  Infosys  .
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “Asian Paints which has had a spectacular rally has now been undergoing distribution. It has been in my sell least early since the last week. That distribution is now getting confirmed after every passing day.”
He further added, “Asian Paints is now a short selling idea and there are probably 100-200 points available on the downside. The trade in Infosys is very clear, we want to go long in it and TCS is something that we don’t want to take a call on.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													The US government has launched two deals focused on the onshore model, reports CNBC-TV18's Kritika Saxena quoting sources. 
It is learnt that, the deal amounting to USD 320 million is for testing, infrastructure service and insurance space. Sources also say that  Infosys   and IBM are front runners for the deal. 
Another deal worth USD 400 million for 6 years is in the regulatory space. Most large IT vendors have bid for regulatory deal, add sources. Both the deals have mandatory clause of no offshoring. 
Pricing will be hit if there is an increase of onshoring model by the US government. While there has been a strong anti-offshoring driver at least in specific context with the US government, sources say lately there has been a trend of couple of contracts which have a mandatory clause for no offshoring.
So aside from the fact that this obviously reduces the number of jobs that could have been created, for the Indian IT sector, this means there will be substantial hike in pricing as well. These are US government deals and so far private deals have still been in focus on onshore-cum-offshore model with around 70% going to offshore. 
As long as this doesn’t hit the private sector, it should be fine considering the US government has been slightly slow on contracts. But if this does start transferring on to the private sector, this will substantially jump up pricing. Analysts says that at least within the next two quarters it will hit the numbers immediately.
Also watch the accompanying video.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Advance tax collection from top 100 companies grew to Rs 33,089 crore, a rise of mere 5% against the annual targetted growth rate of 15% as lead corporates including  Reliance Industries   and  BHEL   paid lesser tax compared to the corresponding period last year.
The collection stood at Rs 31,631 crore in April-June quarter of 2011-12.
The tax collection figures are till June 18 of the current fiscal, said a Finance Ministry official adding that the mop up is in line with expectations of the Revenue Department for the quarter.
With advance tax collection of Rs 33,089 crore in the quarter, the total direct collections till June 18 stood at Rs 84,333 crore.
The government has set direct tax collection target for the fiscal at Rs 5.70 lakh crore, an increase of 15.2 per cent from the actual collection of about Rs 4.95 lakh crore last financial year.
Advance tax paid by state-run  ONGC   was 26.84% higher at Rs 1,347 crore in first quarter of the current fiscal, while  SBI  's payment was up by 6.36% at Rs 1,170 crore.
 ONGC   and SBI had paid advance tax of Rs 1,062 crore and Rs 1,100 crore, respectively in April-June quarter of 2011-12.
Similarly,  Infosys   (Rs 440 crore),  ICICI Bank   (Rs 500 crore),  Tata Steel   (Rs 270 crore),  HDFC Bank   (Rs 500 crore), and  Wipro   (Rs 125 crore) among others paid higher advance tax this quarter in comparison to the same period last year.
State-owned LIC's advance tax payment was up by 9.47% at Rs 638 crore against Rs 583 crore in the first quarter of 2011-12.
However, advance tax payment by Reliance Industries was less by 14.67% in the fist quarter at Rs 768 crore. It had paid Rs 900 crore in the same period last year.
Also, the tax payment by state-run engineering firm BHEL declined by 13.13% to Rs 450 crore against Rs 518 crore.
Other top companies which paid less advance tax in the fist quarter of the fiscal, include  Punjab National Bank  ,  SAIL  ,  GAIL  ,  Larsen & Toubro   and  Sesa Goa  .												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   is delaying taking on board some of its planned 28,000 new recruits until mid-2103, underlining the slowdown faced by India's No 2 software services company, a newspaper reported on Monday.
Engineering graduates who were offered jobs from campus placements between August and September last year have started to receive joining dates from September this year to as late as after mid-2013, it said.
"Based on business imperatives and manpower requirements, we expect onboarding of fresh hires to be completed by the first quarter of fiscal 2014 (which ends in June)," the newspaper quoted Infosys as saying in an email. The company's financial year runs from April to March.
An Infosys spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, which is also listed on Nasdaq, disappointed investors in April with a weaker-than-expected revenue growth outlook due to an uncertain global economy.
The result sparked worries about the prospects for the country's USD 100 billion outsourcing sector, which is facing slowing demand from western clients, intense competition from global rivals and volatile currency markets.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT majors  Infosys  ,  Wipro   and  HCL   remain "cautiously optimistic" of their growth in Europe on the back of steady deal pipelines, notwithstanding the uncertain economic conditions in the region.
"The uncertainty in Eurozone stems from low-performing regions, primarily driven by the electorate push against the austerity measures. The need for growth combined with continued high unemployment has put strain on the infrastructures; and Greece followed by Spain, Italy and Portugal are contributing to the uncertainty," Wipro Consulting Services Vice President Roop Singh told PTI.
European clients remain cautious with regard to IT spends and Wipro is seeing steady growth in the service lines focussed primarily around cost and revenue drivers, he added.
Business from the European region is the second largest after the US and contributes 20-25 per cent of the revenues of Indian software exporters.
A slowing US market, which accounts for more than 60 per cent of the Indian IT industry's exports, has forced players to expand their business in Europe and Asia.
The confidence in the European region may be based around the fact that most Indian IT companies do not have significant exposure to troubled economies like Greece and Italy.
Agrees Infosys Member of the Board, Head of Europe and Global Head of the Financial Services and Insurance BG Srinivas.
"We do not have direct exposure to businesses in Spain, Italy and Greece. Our revenue exposure has been higher from markets like UK, France, Germany, Switzerland and the Nordics. We continue to see growth from these countries as clients are looking to partner with us to identify areas for growth and process efficiency," Srinivas said.
He added that the deal pipeline for the company continues to be steady in this region.
"We have a few large deals in the pipeline, primarily in financial services, energy and utilities and telecom sectors," Srinivas said.
Europe is the biggest market for Infosys outside the US a and accounted for 21.9 per cent of revenues for the fiscal ended March 31, 2012.
HCL Technologies is also bullish on the region, which contributes about 27 per cent to its revenues.
"We have seen continued traction in Europe, with many first-time outsourcers. Our key differentiator in Europe is strong local presence, and we stay committed to increase our market share," HCL Technologies President Europe Rajeev Sawhney said.
The geography booked a robust performance in view of strategic investments made by it in Nordics, Germanics and Benelux region, he added. In the last 2 quarters, HCL Technologies has booked over USD 2.5 billion in large transformational deals and Europe contributed 54 per cent of this.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   around Rs 2300, says Jagdish Malkani, Member- NSE/ BSE.
Malkani told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, one is not expecting any fireworks in the results. If at all, it will be- a lot of the IT stories going to be on how they play the currency and hedging, etc. It’s going to be a muted quarter.”
He further added, “Infosys I continue to have the highest respect as a company, etc but clearly the cash pile is worrying, maybe it’s high time they started distributing some of that but at lower levels Rs 2300 thereabouts if there is any correction on some disappointment, etc I would be out there looking to buy but not at these levels.”
“I like to keep an eye on approximately little below Siemens is an evergreen, Crompton Greaves after this whole Belgium restructuring I think is another one and is looking like its got more legs on the rally also. I would say those and then IL&FS Transport at lower levels.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Short  Tata Motors   with targets below Rs 200, says Sushil Kedia, President, ATMA.
Kedia told CNBC-TV18, " Infosys   is wallowing under large gap of Rs 2,550-2,570 area. I would say until that is taken out, it is time to definitely disown long positions. Triggers for entering short positions for immediate gains are not yet in place but the bias clearly remains to wait and watch and enter into a short trade on Infosys with a stop above Rs 2,570."
He further added, "On Tata Motors, I think Rs 254 that we recently saw is an intermediate top we made under a key support of Rs 256. The support has now tested into a resistance and the current rally is a complex one. I can't place my finger on saying right away that this rally is over and we will not retest Rs 254."
"You will have to keep a margin of error all the way up to Rs 256 to keep building your short positions in chunks and pieces. Perhaps with the expected behaviour of Nifty over the next five-eight days, there are going to better prices seen in Tata Motors. I am going to be looking for shorting Tata Motors with targets below Rs 200 and my stop can't be lower than Rs 256."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Prakash Diwan, Chief Portfolio Strategist, Prakash Diwan's Wealth shares his view on  Infosys  .
Diwan told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, I don’t think there is much more to factor in, in terms of a downward revision in guidance. In fact the street has been doing that since the last month or so and it has been moving sideways as compared to the other two players that are  TCS   and  HCL  .  Wipro   still has its own share of woes, but I would definitely believe its priced in and there won’t be any unpleasant surprises coming forward. In fact if the management does come up with something that’s unexpected it could react upwards and not downwards at all.”
He further added, “The mid-sized banks be it PSUs, be it private both of them are going to outshine the larger peers for the simple reason that they will be much more nimble at cleaning up their books in the last two quarters very consistently. So you watch out for a  Dena Bank  , you have  Andhra Bank  , Vijaya Bank even a Canara Bank kind of a lots largest bank could do very well with the numbers this time. So that’s a pocket to be in the mid-sized banks be it PSU, be it private that’s where you would probably find the most pleasant surprises.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Lakshmikant Reddy, Sr. VP & Head - Equity, ICICI Prudential shares his view on IT space.
Reddy told CNBC-TV18, “One of the three sectors that we are keenly watching is the IT services, as you know the expectations going into the current quarter and the full year has been that IT services industry while it is going to grow slower than what it has grown last year or the previous year, but the growth would still be close to double digit for most companies and maybe somewhat better than that for some of the companies, which are growing faster.”
He further added, “In the last 2-3 months if you look at the results of the companies that have reported in the US as well as the commentary from the local companies the commentary has been one of moderate in the growth expectations. At this point in time our view is that perhaps at the end of the results season we would expect the IT services companies to grow a tad slower than what we might have begin the year with and that is what our expectation is. Of course, we would be happy to be positively surprised, but the way things are panning out that is what our view is.” 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   and  TCS   are the top picks in IT space, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “The IT sector has been outperforming and these are cycles. Cyclically we are now seeing high beta sectors like real estate, infrastructure, and banking do better. But IT cycle will come. And the dip is the ideal location to go long in it. So my first favorite is Infosys, it is the best stock currently. Once it crosses Rs 2500 decisively it starts filling up that gap it had created. Technically it represents the best opportunity and then TCS. I think these two are enough.”
He further added, “I am not a big fan of the entire real estate sector. So I really have a choice. I think the two stocks that should do very well and they are liquid and they are relatively larger so I like them are  HDIL   and Indiabulls Realty. Both of them have made bullish chart patterns, have broken out of them so both suggests that there is much more upside. Viewers must also understand that while a lot of realty stocks have gone up, unless they know the company well its far better to stick with quality that is why the two names where I am tracking and which I am likely to trade in.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com is of the view that one can buy  Axis Bank  ,  SBI   and Infosys. Hold Tata Motors with one year time frame.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “Metals are an underperformer. The chart suggests that this underperformance will continue. So rather than staying in Sterlite, one would like to switch. My favourite sector remains banks. 
He further added, “Metals are going to be a much lower performer as compared to banks. So maybe he might like to switch from Sterlite, leave metals and go into something better for example IT or banks. One can buy Axis Bank and State Bank of India (SBI) divide it into two parts or buy Axis Bank, SBI and  Infosys  . One can hold  Tata Motors   with one year time frame.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Bull's Eye  , CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, Rajesh Agarwal, Eastern Financiers, Pankaj Jain, Sunteck Wealthmax and Parag Doctor, Keynote Capital battle it out for top honours.
Rajesh Agarwal, Eastern Financiers
Buy  Finolex Cable   with a stop loss of Rs 37 and a target of Rs 43. This is one of the countries largest and leading manufacturers of electrical and telecommunication cables and has shown in strong Q4 numbers, PAT jumped by around 139%. With demand emerging from HT cables and plan being operational from the next quarter onwards we think this company can report better performance. Even on valuation parameters if we see the company’s trading at a PE of less than 5 which makes this company very attractive. 
Buy  Andrew Yule   with an intraday stop loss of Rs 19 and a target of Rs 24. This is a Government of India company with around 93% holding with the Government of India. The company has some good investments basically into Tide Water Oil which is valued around Rs 168 crore at the current market price against an investment of just Rs 1.88 crore. Any attempt to disinvest either Andrew Yule or Tide Water would be a positive trigger for the stock and can re-rate the stock.
Buy  CEBBCO   with a stop loss of Rs 72 and a target of Rs 80. The excise duty ranging in the last Budget i.e. FY12-FY13 on CV’s was a positive trigger worth for this stock. The company is in process to expand its capacity around 30000 units which would again be a positive trigger in the coming years. This capacity addition will help this company in catering to the OEMs in a better way.
Buy  Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited   (DHCL) with a stop loss of Rs 30.50 and a target of Rs 36. There is a buzz that the IPL team stake sale is on and the company has also said that they have seen advice from Religare Capital market on this matter although they have denied any concrete steps on this but whenever this happens this would be a very big trigger for this stock.
Pankaj Jain, Sunteck Wealthmax
I have gone long on  Tech Mahindra   and the kind of formation we have seen in the scrip on Friday’s trading session it’s a pennant formation on daily charts and generally whenever this formation takes place it suggests that scrip could be moving another 5-7% in coming few days. We have a short term target for Tech Mahindra at levels closer to Rs 745-756 with upcoming merger of Satyam Tech Mahindra it will form a very stronger identity. 
Long on  Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation   (GMDC). What we have seen in scrip, we had a strong volume breakout in the scrip on Friday and the scrip closed above 200 DMA and it closed above its 100 day simple moving average. The company is strong, it has a strong balance sheet and basically they are into lignite mining, they are into mining of raw material which are used in cement industry so all these factors contribute positively to the movement of the scrip and we believe the scrip is heading to plus Rs 200 levels in coming few days or maybe in a week or two. However for the day my target is Rs 187.
Long on  Aarti Drugs  . What we have seen in the scrip, generally it’s a low volume scrip but on Friday we saw volumes which were almost 10 times the regular volumes. We have seen a rounding bottom breakout formation in the scrip and we believe that short term targets for this scrip are again closer to between Rs 145-150. However for the day my target is closer to Rs 129.
Short on  Sterlite Industries  . What we have seen that the scrip has moved from levels closer to Rs 90 to levels closer to Rs 105 in last 10 days or so. We believe that the pullback is almost completed. Generally we have seen that commodity price have eased out seriously in last few months and the reason being that the growth is being seriously affected in China and China being one of the biggest, 30-40% of the consumption of major metals iron ore, copper is in China and we believe that slowdown out there is for real and commodity scrip’s could face further pressure in coming months.  Parag Doctor, Keynote Capital
Buy  Hindustan Unilever   (HUL) with a stop loss of Rs 444 and a target of Rs 459. HUL is in an upward momentum making a new 52 week high and is heading for a target of around Rs 460 levels with the stop loss around the breakout zone of Rs 444.
Buy  Infosys   with a stop loss of Rs 2465 and target of Rs 2595. Infosys is filling the gap which was seen after the last results and is heading for the resistance of around Rs 2600 from the 200 DMA.
Short  Hindustan Petroleum   futures with a stop loss of Rs 306 and a target of Rs 292. Hindustan Petroleum is facing resistance around the 200 DMA at Rs 305 and is in a weak sector and is heading to support around the Rs 292 levels. 
Short on Sesa Goa futures with a stop loss of Rs 190 and a target of Rs 177. Sesa Goa is struggling to cross the Rs 190 resistance from the longer term averages and is heading for a target in the mid 70s around Rs 177. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  , Vishal Kshatriya of Edelweiss and Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  
 Bhushan Steel   has been outperforming in the market since a long time. It has managed to close above the resistance of Rs 450. Momentum is bullish on the daily charts. I recommend a buy with the stop loss of Rs 453 for the target of Rs 466 and 471.
 TCS   has managed to close above the gap resistance in the last trading session with huge volumes. Momentum is bullish. It is tagging the upper bollinger band. I recommend a buy with the stoploss of Rs 1267 for targets of Rs 1290 and 1298.
 
Vishal Kshatriya of Edelweiss
My first pick for the day is going short on  Yes Bank  . Last week the stock corrected sharply from its resistance zone of Rs 350 to Rs 355 indicating supply in the stock at higher level. Open interest data indicates short build up in the stock. Oscillators on the daily charts have also given a sell signal. Traders should go short in the range of Rs 336-338 with target of Rs 320 maintaining stop loss at Rs 347.
My second pick for the day is going long on  Infosys  . The stock has given inverted head and shoulder pattern breakout along with good volumes placed on its daily charts. Open interest data indicates long build-up in the stock. We expect the stock to trade the positive bias and hence recommend going long at CMP with target price of Rs 2650 maintaining stop loss at Rs 2470.
 
Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management
We can buy  Britannia Industries   at around Rs 522-525 with a stop loss below Rs 495 and with a target of Rs 580-620 in a matter of 2-3 months. 
My second stock for today is  Hindalco Industries  . Rs 123 has been a strong resistance for Hindalco industries and it had given a breakout above Rs 123 yesterday. We can buy it at around Rs 123 with a stop loss below Rs 118 for a target of Rs 128 and 134.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com view on  Tata Motors  , Infosys, SBI.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “For Tata Motors to rally 25% is difficult in the next couple of months. I think that is safe to say but to reach Rs 280 or even cross Rs 300 is a practical idea in the next two years.”
He further added, “ Infosys   is right for a very significant rally. So that is a trade and it is probably a low risk trade.  State Bank of India   is going to see a lot of volatility if you can survive it, it should make money for you.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													See further gain in  Infosys   and  TCS  , says Karun Mutha, HSBC Invest Direct.
Mutha told CNBC-TV18, "I think it’s important to avoid the high-beta stocks particularly in the banking and the auto. Largely Infosys and TCS on the IT space and of course  Hindustan Unilever   and  ITC   on the FMCG space have been gradual slow movers, but they have been keeping their pace."
He further added, "If you look at the IT stocks particularly Infosys, the stock has done an addition for 100,000 shares on yesterday’s trading and it remained firm on the price move as well in spite of the market falling. So I think there is more strength available in the stock. We expect probably 1-1.5% move still further on a trading pattern on both the IT stocks. Recommend FMCG stocks to be accumulated at lower levels than at falls."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
India's second largest software services provider  Infosys   has signed a memorandum of understanding with Israel to establish and enhance cooperation in industrial research and development.
This MoU is a part of the global enterprise collaboration programme developed by the office of chief scientist of Israel to accelerate innovation through a global ecosystem, the company said on Thursday.
"The MoU creates a framework for industrial cooperation between Infosys and Israeli corporations in the emerging technology areas of cloud, information security, sensors, analytics and sustainability," it said.
Infosys Labs, the research and innovation arm of Infosys, strengthens its existing innovation ecosystem of clients, partners and industry consortia through this MoU, it added.
Infosys shares closed up 1.1% at Rs 2,498.30 on NSE on Thursday.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
Retail shareholders of  Infosys   appear to be far more demanding than their institutional counterparts, as seen from the concerns raised at the company's annual general meeting on Saturday. According to proxy advisory firm InGovern Research Services, which tracked the AGM, around 325 shareholders and 37 proxies were present, which was below last year's attendance. 
An extract from the note by InGovernance on the Infosys AGM:
"Some of the concerns raised by the shareholders were:1. Low dividend payouts by the company even with very good cash balance and increase in profits.
2. Request for issue of bonus shares which have not been declared for about 6 years.
3. The allocation of Rs 30 crore to the Corporate Social Responsibility division through the Infosys Foundation is very low and should be increased.
4. Non-sending of Annual Reports and Notices by post, to shareholders who are not tech-savvy.
5. No performance appraisal and basis of compensation structures to the members of the Board.
6. Very less number of women-directors on board (only one-Ms. Ann Fudge)
7. High cash balances being idle and remaining un-invested elsewhere.
8. No M&As being undertaken by the company.
Some of these concerns raised by retail shareholders-like those on performance appraisal and compensation structures and women directors-are thought provoking. It is indeed disappointing that institutional investors don't necessarily raise these issues with the companies. Of course, there is a long way to go to make AGMs and other shareholder meetings more meaningful and for companies, and to use AGMs for positive engagement between companies and institutional investors."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT major  Infosys   held its 31st annual general meeting (AGM) on Saturday. This was the first AGM not attended by Infosys founder Narayana Murthy who retired from the board on August 21, 2011. 
This year's AGM also did not see big-ticket announcements unlike last year when new members of the board were announced, reports CNBC-TV18’s Sunanda Jayaseelan. However, a lot of references where made regarding plans for the present and the outlook for the future.
Infosys chairman KV Kamath and CEO SD Shibulal, while admitting that the global economic environment was challenging and clients were seeking more high-value work, said that the implementation of Infosys 3.0 and the focus on key sectors and verticals were starting to show results.
Shibulal also said that the change in management that Infosys undertook last year was complete and will help Infosys in its '3.0' plans.
Commenting on the visa issue, Shibulal said that he was deeply pained by the allegations. He reiterated that Infosys never had a corporate policy of misusing visas and added that he was confident the company would overcome the problem.
Shibulal said that was confident about the future as net client addition was strong and repeat business was good.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Billionaire Mukesh Ambani's  Reliance Industries   is piling up cash even as its profits shrink, fuelling investor disquiet over a tumbling share price and lack of clear vision at a company that was once India's most valuable.
Reliance generates up to USD 1 billion in free cash every quarter and held USD 13.8 billion at end-March, far more than it can put to work under existing investment plans or through an ongoing share buyback programme.
"Earlier, investors gave them the benefit of doubt that cash was being deployed in high-margin businesses, but people are questioning that now," said Michiel van Voorst, a portfolio manager for Asia-Pacific Equities at Robeco Hong Kong. Those questions are likely to get an airing at the company's annual shareholder's meeting on Thursday.
Reliance has cooled in its hunt for acquisitions in North American shale gas as US natural gas prices have plunged. At home, investment in its gas blocks has stalled as output slows and it battles the government over gas pricing.
The company has so far acquired less than a quarter of the USD 2.1 billion of shares it plans to buy back from investors, even as it raises debt to take advantage of low borrowing costs.
Reliance makes much of its plans to spend USD 12 billion over the next few years to boost capacity at its petrochemicals plant and refinery complex, the world's largest, in western India. However, such projects are typically funded about 70% from debt, which leaves plenty of low-yielding cash left over.
Last year, Ambani outlined a big drive into consumer-focused businesses, looking to take advantage of rising spending power in Asia's third-largest economy. The problem for investors is that the retail business is loss-making even after six years and Reliance is spending billions to get into a fiercely competitive and unpredictable telecoms sector, with returns a distant and uncertain prospect.
"I think most investors feel Reliance should concentrate and not go everywhere, not diversify in every direction," said Taina Erajuuri, portfolio manager at FIM India in Helsinki. "They've been burning cash on some investments, which I'm not happy (about)," added Erajuuri, who has sold her Reliance shares in the past year.
FALLING RETURNS
Reliance is widely credited with having one of the savviest treasury operations in corporate India. As returns have dwindled from core businesses, the proportion of profits from its treasury has surged, accounting for as much as 42% in the March quarter, roughly triple the share until a year ago.
Return on capital slipped to 11.4% in January-March from 13.8% two years ago. While the slowdown in its energy businesses contributed to that decline, treasury gains also weigh on returns.
Its cash pile is about three times what it was two years ago, following the USD 7.2 billion sale last year of 30% in some of its oil and gas blocks to BP Plc.
The bulk of Reliance's cash, held in bank deposits, corporate debt and government securities, has an estimated return of 9-11%. The interest cost on its long-term borrowings is 6-8%, giving it treasury gains of around 3 percentage points.
The cash hoard has not deterred Reliance from raising more debt. Last month, it raised USD 2 billion in a 13-year loan, taking its debt raisings in the last four months to nearly USD 4 billion and increasing its gross debt to USD 15.4 billion. It is seeking another USD 1 billion loan for capital spending, sources told Thomson Reuters publication Basis Point.
"They're generating more profit from cash than from exploration, and almost equal to gains from refining," said SP Tulsian, an independent market strategist in Mumbai. "Even if these returns are good, is it a comfortable situation?"
END OF GROWTH CYCLE?
At this week's AGM, Ambani could face questions on the gradually weakening performance in the company's core energy businesses, and on the lack of profits from its push into consumer-focused businesses.
Its retail business continues to lose money and, despite 1,300 stores, the company is nowhere close to the scale it aimed for at the time of its launch. Reliance is also spending heavily on telecoms and in January invested in TV18 media group.
Investors complain Reliance is looking to bet its future, and its cash, on newer businesses that have long gestation periods, and may see returns flow only after 4-5 years.
They are voting with their feet.
Reliance shares fell by a third last year. The stock trades near a three-year low and its market value has sunk to below USD 41 billion, dumping Ambani from the top of Asia's rich-list.  Tata Consultancy Services  , part of arch-rival Tata Group, has unseated it as India's most valuable listed company.
Sluggish global growth and a tough regulatory and investment climate at home mean many Indian firms such as  Coal India  ,  Oil and Natural Gas Corp   and  Infosys   have shunned deals and now sit on mounting cash.
Reliance's cash-pile is not far short of much larger global energy majors such as Shell with USD 15 billion, Chevron with USD 18.8 billion and Exxon Mobil with USD 21.8 billion. Apple Inc has a record USD 110 billion in cash.
"Globally, you're seeing many oil and gas companies giving very high dividends. But that also means admitting they have come to the end of a high growth cycle," said Robeco's van Voorst. "I don't know if Reliance is willing to admit that."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				IT giant  Infosys   paid its top management personnel a total remuneration of USD 10.7 million during the last fiscal, marking an increase of about 50% from the previous year.
The remuneration paid to its key management personnel, which includes directors and executive council members, had remained almost unchanged at about USD 7 million for fiscals 2009-10 and 2010-11, as per an annual regulatory filing by the US-listed Infosys with the US market regulator SEC.
But it rose sharply in 2011-12 despite a fall in the individual pay packages of some top executives, including its executive co-chairman S. Gopalakrishnan, chief executive SD Shibulal and chief financial officer V Balakrishnan.
During the year 2011-12, the top paid executive, as per Infosys' filing, was Stephen R. Pratt, an executive council member, with a total package of about $2 million.
Among others, B.G. Srinivas was paid USD 1.19 million, while Ashok Vemuri got USD 1.18 million. Both of them have held various leadership positions at Infosys in the past and joined its board last year.
The total package of Shibulal was USD 162,990 in 2011-12, down by about USD 80,000 from the previous year, while that of Gopalakrishnan fell by about USD 85,000 to USD 164,543.
On the other hand, compensation paid to its independent chairman K.V. Kamath rose from USD 125,600 to USD 205,000.
Kamath took charge as chairman of the board in August 2011, but has served as an independent director since May 2009.
NR Narayana Murthy, who retired from the board in August last year, was paid USD 67,100, down from USD 137,500 in the previous fiscal.
Infosys said a committee determines and recommends the compensation payable to the directors, and all board-level compensation is approved by shareholders.
Remuneration of the executive directors consists of fixed component, bonus and a variable performance-linked incentive. The compensation committee makes a half-yearly appraisal of the performance of the employee directors.
"We have a variable compensation structure for all of our employees... Our board aligned the compensation structure of our employee directors in line with that applicable to all of our other employees," it said.
All its executive directors are entitled to a bonus of up to 20% of their fixed salary, as also the incentives linked to the company's and individual performances.
In the last fiscal, non-executive directors were paid an aggregate USD 1.47 million, including reimbursement towards their attendance at board and committee meetings.
Those whose total payout increased during 2011-12 also included Deepak M Satwalekar, Omkar Goswami, Sridar Iyengar, David Boyles, Jeffrey Lehman and R. Seshasayee.
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Caught between global and currency crosswinds, the January-to-March quarter earnings of the IT sector saw it's share of ups and downs. As the result season comes to an end for India's top four IT firms, CNBC-TV18's Kritika Saxena presents a report card of the IT sector. 
The sector's big boys -  TCS  ,  Infosys  ,  Wipro   and  HCL Tech   - surprised and shocked the markets with their results. While TCS crossed the USD 10-dollar mark to prove it was India's largest software exporter, Infosys shocked the markets with dismal performance.   
On the revenue front, TCS has scored the highest with a jump of 0.4% as opposed to Infosys' fall of 4.8%, HCL Tech's decline of 0.5% and Wipro's fall of 1.3%. 
HCL Tech took the cake in profits with a smooth jump of 5.2% versus TCS' jump of 1.6% and Wipro's jump of 1.7% and Infosys' fall of 2.4%. 
On the margins front, Wipro and HCL Tech posted flat margin growth whereas TCS' margins are down 155 basis points and Infosys' margins are down 200 basis points. However if you look at the headline figures, TCS is sitting on the highest margin currently at 29.9%.
As far as volumes go, TCS has scored again with a volume growth of 3.3%. HCL Tech is close behind with a volume growth of 2.85%. Wipro lags with a tepid 0.8% growth and Infosys disappoints again with a negative 1.5%.
Now if you look at the full-year revenues, TCS wins again with a 31% growth versus Wipro's 21.1% and Infy's 22.7%. HCL tech will release its full year numbers next quarter.
Mostly, Infosys and Wipro disappointed the street with a weak guidance. Wipro says the first quarter looks tough, even though it remains optimistic about beating Nasscom's FY13 guidance of 11-14% for the industry. But for Infosys though, matching the full year industry average looks shaky.
On the commentary for the next year, TCs is the only player that seems surprisingly upbeat. Overall, the clear winners are TCS and HCL Tech tying for the first place, Wipro coming in second and Infosys placing last. All eyes now on what the other big boy Cognizant will have to offer in the announcement of results on May 7.
Also watch the accompanying video.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Go long in  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "Most pharma and FMCG stocks excluding Hind Unilever are now showing signs of distribution and they are moving lower. These essentially will be corrections in an ongoing bull market. But the corrections will be sharp or steep enough to take advantage of the downside momentum and  Lupin   has done that. It’s broken down. It’s now looking towards heading lower. It’s a relatively low-risk short sell because most pharma companies are doing this now."
He further added, "In Infosys Rs 2,400 is the point where it opened, when it opened with a lower gap after its results. Now Infosys has come back. All its losses have been recovered. It’s exactly at the point where it was when it first said, okay I am responding to bad news. Any further gains in Infosys will start filling that gap between the earlier price and the post-results price. Filling of a gap is usually bullish."
"I have been maintaining that Infosys is probably the best of the four stocks to be long in. I would be long in Infosys not only as an intraday trader, but probably look for a long position that goes all the way to July."
Disclosure: I have no personal holding in the stocks discussed.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Ambareesh Baliga, COO, Way2Wealth advice traders to hold IT stocks.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “The best is behind most of the IT majors and from hereon the growth could in fact taper off and again we are clearly seeing those billing pressures and whatever rupee depreciation we have seen is already there in the price. So there is nothing too positive to look forward to. At every rise at least in the last 6 to 8 months I have been saying it’s time to exit IT. But right now at these levels possibly people can hold on because most of the IT stocks have corrected, especially stocks like  Infosys  . So at these levels possibly one can hold on.”
Infosys's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Mar, 2012). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.73. The latest book value of the company is Rs 518.21 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 4.68. The dividend yield of the company was 1.94%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy IT stocks on dip, says PN Vijay, Portfolio Manager.
Vijay told CNBC-TV18, "I think the pressure has got done and the way the IT has corrected stock wise,  Infosys   of course went through the bottom,  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) has spared,  HCL   has been stable, so what I am saying is that the sector has undergone some sort of a correction."
He further added, "In this recent bounce it has not participated and I think going forward, what I like about IT and it used to worry me before was the distance in the valuations that the best IT stocks commanded, the premium that they commanded over the Nifty, if an ITC or HUL command that premium, it is more easy to understand because he can almost say that these people will be reporting 20% profit growth every year for the next 100 years. You cannot say that about the IT stocks, there are inherent risks in the business."
"Having said that, I think we have some very good blue chips, Infosys, TCS and most importantly HCL Tech, which one could buy the decline because over the term, I see the US economy getting quite robust becoming the most robust economy among the four sections of the world, India, China, EU and US and these people are very well positioned. Of course the rupee is weak currency absolutely. So all these together I would buy IT on dips and there is a dip going on now. So probably get a bit more equal weight on the IT from underweight as we have been in the last couple of months."
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Hindalco Industries   has target of Rs 136-137, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "I think there is still an opportunity today to buy the Nifty on dips after 50-70 points gap up and that will apply to many of the stocks.  Infosys   seems to be suggesting that there is a 100-150 point rally in it. It’s difficult to say where it will open but if there is space even after the gap up Infosys is looking at a target of Rs 2,550, which is where the gap begins to get filled and it is making a very bullish pattern. It’s better of the four majors." 
He further added, "I expect the upside to start and I would be gratified because I own shares in Hindalco. I think Hindalco is confirming a bullish head and shoulder pattern and that gives us a target of Rs 136-137 but once these patterns are reversal patterns then it need not stop at Rs 136. So somebody who is willing to take a positional trade in Hindalco then this is the right time."
"There is an imminent breakout for day trader that should take place today and day trader should ride the trend and if the trade is closing in his favour then he should also attempt to carry it forward."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may outperform, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “From entire IT, Infosys has the best chances of significant and strong rally that doesn’t mean the other three won’t do it but the leader in this current upmove is likely to be Infosys. So I am pretty upbeat on this for a short term. We are really looking at the next five to seven days and Infosys should outperform. It’s worth buying even at current prices.”
He further added, “The bigger infra names are having much better charts. HDIL, I sense that it’s bottoming out the earlier targets of going much lower than Rs 50 may not be valid if the Nifty begins a move up. So  HDIL   is a buying opportunity and so is  DLF  .”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Jai Bala, cashthechaos.com shares his view on  Infosys  .
Bala told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys has been underperforming the IT sector to a very large extent. If you look at the one year correlation between  TCS   and Infosys, there has been almost a lockstep kind of moment and that has broken down and Infosys is now trading about 2.5 times the standard deviations that it was trading over the last one to one and a half years."
He further added, "I think this is going to revert to the mean and this is more statistical arbitrage than a technical trade and the current ratio is about 1.95 for Infosys to TCS and I think that is going to move up to about 2.25. So whether it is going to be Infosys that is going to move up or TCS that is going to drop down and bring the ratio that is immaterial to us, we are going to be rupee neutral on the market and go long on the street."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com has recommended buy rating on Infosys while TVS Motor is a sell.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “ Infosys   is finding repeated support at the lower levels of Rs 2,300 and today given more conducive market environment Infosys is a buying opportunity for day trader. It can do well today. 
He further added, “ TVS Motor   is making new lows. It needs to be sold into. The fact is that it is at Rs 32 and today is a good day so selling need not take place. But the trend is down and it has to be a short candidate.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Long term investment opportunity is seen in IT space, says Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Envision Capital.
Shah told CNBC-TV18, “The largecap IT has become a lot more attractive post the correction over the last couple of quarters. Of course the correction has been justified given that some of these companies have not met their guidance and have given a guidance, which is below even the industry estimates however the guidance, which they have given have got validated by some of their peers. So to that extent one couldn’t say that they have been ultraconservative.”
He further added, “The valuations have now become very attractive, the fact that some of these companies are now trading at 14-15 times, which is basically in line with the market I think presents a good opportunity for long-term investors. The midcap IT space I still think is challenging as some of them have lot of balance sheet issues and currency issues. So I think given the kind of shave off that we have seen in valuations, I think the largecap IT space presents a good long-term investment opportunity.” 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com, Rajesh Jain, Religare Securities and Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
My first pick is  Divis Labs  . Yesterday it took support at Rs 800 and bounced back sharply. It broke the resistance of Rs 878 with higher volumes. Now it is a clear breakout and the stock can test Rs 920 in couple of trading sessions. One can buy the stock at current levels with a stoploss of Rs 864.
My second pick is  Infosys  . It has very strong support near Rs 2,300 and yesterday also we saw good buying interest at lower levels. Both the oscillators are in the oversold zone. So we may see a sharp bounce back and the stock can test Rs 2,400 in a couple of trading sessions. One can buy it with a stoploss of Rs 2,314.
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com
My first pick is  HDFC Bank  . It has broken an important support of Rs 505. Daily momentum has entered into bearish zone and hourly charts have started tagging on Bollinger band. I recommend a sell with a stoploss of Rs 509 for targets of Rs 491 and Rs 485.
My second pick is  HCL Technologies  . It has broken a support of Rs 485 with high volumes. Hourly charts have turned bearish; I recommend a sell with a stoploss of Rs 492 for targets of Rs 477 and Rs 472.
Rajesh Jain, Religare Securities
Banking stocks have underperformed the market. One can short  Dena Bank   near Rs 83 level at any counter rally, keeping a stoploss of Rs 86 for target of Rs 80.
Yesterday when market was falling,  BPCL   saw buying in it and for the last many days BPCL has been only going up. Crude has been falling, one can buy the stock at any correction near Rs 700-705 levels keeping a stoploss of Rs 690 for target of Rs 735. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													S Naren, CIO Equity, ICICI Prudential is positive on IT space.
Naren told CNBC-TV18, “What call we have taken is the IT sector has become like almost x-growth in many of the companies and consequently we have actually added to our tech exposure in April and we have gone overweight across the sector in most of our schemes. The reason being end of the day when a sector goes x-growth and it benefits out of the trade deficit being high, we thought that it’s a good sector to actually go overweight on.”
He further added, “One of the key components of demand has been the BFSI space, which certainly is going to go through a cyclical downturn this year, but end of the day Indian exports is led by IT if there is no IT there is not much of Indian exports. So it’s very easy to bet on IT as a defensive industry at this point of time given that most of the stocks in the sector have got de-rated very significantly in the last 3 years or 4 years and now we are in a much more comfortable valuation basis.”
“On the large cap side the market cap still looks not so cheap. On the mid cap side the valuations are interesting both on market cap basis and on PE basis and therefore there we have to do much better work on the bottom-up side because there many of them have problems. So on the whole I would say it is one of the very sectors where we are very positive on with a one year view and we believe it’s time to accumulate the sector very aggressively at this point of time because relative to most of the other defensive sector the sector has become extremely cheap relative to the other defensive sector.” 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may retest Rs 2300, says Anil Manghnani, Modern Shares & Stock Brokers.
Manghnani told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys becomes a short now. I think clearly post the numbers of the big four, there is a clear shift from Infosys and  Wipro   to now  TCS   and  HCL Tech  . So I think this bounce is maybe because Infosys got a little oversold but from Rs 2,500-2,600 range I would be a seller. I think eventually it will go back and retest the Rs 2,300 mark."
Infosys trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Mar, 2012). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.23. The latest book value of the company is Rs 574.18 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 4.34. The dividend yield of the company was 2.41%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy Infosys 2500 Call between Rs 27-29, says Hemant Thukral, National Head-Derivative Desk, Aditya Birla Money.
Thukral told CNBC-TV18, " Infosys   we have particularly chosen, because this scrip has seen lot of shorts being rolled to the next series. We already know that TCS has shown a very sharp run up and it’s maintaining its run up along with HCL Tech. CNX-IT for me has reversed from very crucial support levels. If CNX-IT has to maintain this run up unless and until  TCS   continues to outperform, which I expect it to do, I am expecting some sort of short covering to continue in Infosys."
He further added, "First signs came on Friday and Saturday. Saturday though a truncated session, but some signs definitely creep in where Infosys did saw open interest decline. So I am expecting this open interest decline to continue and some more short covering, which will take this stock towards Rs 2,470. I am not saying that Infosys has turned strong but there are very big chances that it can see that short covering coming in. That’s why we are recommending to buy a 2500 call for anywhere between Rs 27-29, the premium should be and the stock target is Rs 2,470 but one has to maintain a stop loss of Rs 2,350 because for some reasons if Infosys goes below Rs 2,350 then it turns weak again."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip below Rs 2000, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, “I would continue to be short in Infosys. We have seen a rally in the last two days and it’s probably a very good location to build a new short position in Infosys except that do it tomorrow or on Monday that’s a question of tactics, it’s a short sell. I wouldn’t be surprise if it goes below Rs 2,000. Once a stock starts in a trend it doesn’t stop so quickly.”
He further added, “ GMR Infra  , inspite of the deep correction looks most vulnerable and at Rs 26 the chances are that it’s going to go below Rs 20. Infrastructure has seen a remarkable rally that rally has now come to an end and a very deep decline which should almost bring it to its original prices is likely.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys  , India's No 2 software services exporter, is under scrutiny from the US Department of Homeland Security for likely errors in employer eligibility documents of its staff working in the United States, the company said in a statement.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is reviewing the employer eligibility verifications on Form I-9, said Nasdaq-listed Infosys in an April 18 filing on the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
"In connection with this review, we have been advised that the DHS has found errors in a significant percentage of our Forms I-9 that the Department has reviewed," Infosys said in the SEC filing.
If the DHS concludes that the Forms I-9, used to verify the authorisation of employees to work in the US, contains errors it is likely to impose fines and penalties, the company said.
In January, Infosys said it was being investigated in Texas over its sponsorship and use of short-term US business visas.
Jack Palmer, a company employee, has reportedly accused Infosys of misusing the B1 visas to send employees from India to the US, its largest export market. Infosys has denied the reports.
Infosys said it could not estimate any loss it might incur from "unfavourable outcomes" related to the ongoing investigation and review.
"In the event that any government undertakes any actions which limit any visa program that we utilize, or imposes sanctions, fines or penalties on us or our employees, this could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations," the company added.
Infosys, which reported its fiscal fourth quarter earnings on April 13, disappointed investors with weaker-than-expected revenue growth outlook for the fiscal year 2013 due to an uncertain global economy.
The news sent its shares plunging more than 12% in their biggest fall in nearly three years and wiped off more than USD 3 billion from the company's market value.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Sandip Sabharwal, CEO, Portfolio Management Services, Prabhudas Lilladher is of the view that  Infosys  ' valuations looks extremely attractive.
Sabharwal told CNBC-TV18, "I was underweight on IT because of the uncertainties but two-three days back when Infosys saw a severe sell off that’s the time we entered into Infosys because the valuations of 13-14 times are extremely attractive for this kind of stock."
He further added, "One is not looking aggressive price targets, 20-25% uptick from the low of Rs 2,200 it saw should be possible. As far as the rupee is concerned and to that extent we have see how the current account deficit behaves this year. In my view gold imports are going to half this year so that will cut 1% from the current account deficit and rest of the factors we have see, export outlook doesn’t look good. We will see how it plays out.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Hemen Kapadia of chartpundit.com, Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com and Arunesh Madan of Augment Investment, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Hemen Kapadia, chartpundit.com
My first pick for today is  Adani Enterprises  . It is a buy call. Stock has reflected strength from bouncing back from oversold situation, the stock is still slightly oversold though. You have strength in terms of the intraday mechanical indicator, it has also given a mini breakout on the half an hour chart.
My second pick for today is  Bata India  . It is a buy call. The stock has staged a brilliant intraday turnaround, in fact it has resulted in an upward bar reversal on a higher volume indicating the possibility of a further upside coming in from here. One can buy Bata India at around Rs 858 with a stop loss of Rs 853 and the target of Rs 868. It is a shorter-term call valid more from an intraday point of view.
 
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Yesterday  SAIL   broke the neckline of inverse head and shoulder pattern, which is a bullish sign. Now stock can test its 200 day moving average (DMA) which is placed at Rs 108. So, one can buy this stock at current levels with a stop loss of Rs 97.
My next call is on  BGR Energy  . Yesterday it took support at 200 DMA and bounced back sharply. Now we will see further recovery in the stock and it can test Rs 378 in couple of trading sessions. One can buy the stock at current levels with a stop loss of Rs 346.
Arunesh Madan of Augment Investment
I have a buy call on  Infosys   in the range of Rs 2,320 to Rs 2,330 with a stop loss being placed below the Rs 2,250 levels on a closing basis. The stock in yesterday’s trade showed signs of forming a bottoming out process by taking a very strong support closer to a level of Rs 2,200. 
I have a sell call in  Axis Bank   in the range of Rs 1,115 to Rs 1,120 with a stop loss being placed above Rs 1,135 levels on a closing basis. In yesterday’s trade the stock broke below a very significant support level of Rs 1,115 and closed below it, look for a target of Rs 1,090 to be tested sometime during the session today.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sell  Infosys   on rally, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "I wouldn’t touch  Tata Consultancy Services   (TCS) for buying. It will come down quite dramatically and that will be the time for us to go long in it and for investors to buy it.  HCL Technologies   is the only one among the four where a buy is possible.”
He further added, “Infosys remains a sell on rallies. Technically, Infosys stopped falling and then hold on for not just a couple of days, for week altogether. So since that process has not started, I cannot make a call where it will stop. There is no sanctity to Rs 2,200. Earlier we used to talk about Rs 2,200 for State Bank of India (SBI), it fell all the way to Rs 1,700. So it is quite possible Infosys can follow the same track."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   is a good investment bet, says Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bhat told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys possibly is getting all kind of negative news at the moment apart from surprising the street very much on the volume side because of which the overall growth probably at best be around 15% maybe leading to an EPS of around Rs 165-166.”
He further added, “Some investigation being made by the US authorities into the visa problems is also compounding the matters if at all. So may be another Rs 100 down from the current level looks very much possible and even the guidance that the first quarter is going to be much muted, hardly any growth over the previous quarter is doing no good for Infosys. But having said that I think Infosys has a knack of surprising when the things go pretty negative, so surely in this downward journey maybe of another 100 points I would surely look to buy Infosys, if not for anything atleast for slightly more defensive reasons and maybe for 3-4 months investment period also.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Infosys   will remain range bound, says Ambareesh Baliga, COO, Way2Wealth.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys, the pain in terms of price cracking I don’t think it’s too much from here, I think it can crack, Rs 100-125 more, we were looking for levels of about Rs 2200 when the results were announced and clearly it’s moving towards that.”
He further added, “The bigger pain would be when you see the stock not moving and going anywhere. I think it will be like Hindustan Lever (HUL) the way it was from 2001 to 2010, not really going anywhere and possibly just remaining in that small range. I think that could be the way ahead for Infosys, maybe possibly for the next 2-3 quarters, you could see Infosys in a very small range.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													IT sector is a good bet from medium term perspective, says Sanjay Sinha, Founder, Citrus Advisors.
Sinha told CNBC-TV18, “The outlook for IT was supposed to be at least a market performer if not a little better. Infosys has not doubt caused fair amount of confusion in terms of the outlook. I would say that we should not necessarily change the view on the sector just because Infosys has disappointed.”
He further added, “In case of  Infosys   it has also been a case of expectations versus actual delivery. Let us wait for the other big ones to announce their numbers and then take a call on the sector. But for the next medium term outlook I would still place my bets with the sector. I expect the volume growth to be fairly intact. We have seen them not really appreciating very handsomely on the back of the appreciation of the dollar which means what is actually in the price is more of an expectation of volume growth. Therefore, let us wait for the others before we finally pronounce a judgment on the sector.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   has target of Rs 2490, says Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys has seen a correction of 16-17% in last couple of trading sessions. On lower side Rs 2300-2340 was a very strong support and the stock is making a base on those levels. We have seen lot of short buildup also in last 3-4 trading sessions. So from these levels we are expecting that stock may see some short covering rally."
He further added, "For Infosys Rs 2470 is the immediate resistance level. If that is broken than stock has a potential to test Rs 2490-2500 levels in next 3-4 trading sessions. So we are recommending our clients to make long positions above Rs 2420 with a target of Rs 2490 and stop loss on lower side would be Rs 2380."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				The shocker from  Infosys   which has given out with a revenue guidance of 8%-10%, is much lower than NASSCOM's guidance for the IT sector as a whole. The IT biggie’s all-round guidance whether its revenues, profits and rupee-dollar terms are all in single-digits.
This is something unheard of from the IT bellwether for a long time. As investors worry about the single-digit growth, the market most likely won't take it lying down, given that the stock is trading at double-digit valuations.
NASSCOM president Som Mittal tells CNBC-TV18 in an exclusive that he finds no reasons to revise NASSCOM’s guidance of 11%-14% just yet. The industry body had, at the start of the year, when it had given its guidance, factored in the uncertainty plaguing the IT industry, especially the cut in IT budgets.
He says the industry is seeing a slow recovery taking place in the US. While the high rate of rejection of visas is an issue, Mittal says the US government has acknowledged these concerns and is working on reducing the rate of rejection. 
He is bullish on midcap IT firms faring better this fiscal.
Below is an edited transcript of his interview.  for more.
Q: How worried are you about the commentary we heard from the Infosys management and what they have guided? The 8-10% is lower than NASSCOM's guidance. Do you believe that this is a sign of things to come?
A: When we had given our guidance earlier in the year, it was quite well researched and we had predicted that there will be uncertainty during the year. We had also factored in the fact that many analysts had talked about IT budgets going down. I don’t think very much has changed from the time we gave the forecast and now.
If at all, I would say that we have started seeing a recovery in the US. The job situation there is getting better. While that uncertainty remains there are still new drivers where people are transforming their business models, they are adapting to new mobile and cloud computing areas. We still think that the 11%-14% guidance that we gave should remain.
Q: You were talking about the recovery that we are seeing in the US economy and the fact that it is probably going to reflect in the way that IT companies perform. But the analyst community isn’t completely convinced about that argument. They feel that if at all it’s going to reflect in the IT recovery only at the end of 2012. What’s your sense?
A: It would be towards the second half that we would see growth rates really coming back, but the fact that the recovery has started happening is a very positive sign. So, it indicates that what we had predicted would be there. The areas that I was mentioning about  how companies are wanting to get into emerging markets because of which they need new products and services, the fact that they are moving cloud are the new drivers for our businesses. 
We had mentioned when we had given our guidance that in this year we would see probably differentiated performance across companies as companies look at new strategies and so on.
_PACKAGE_
Q: So, would you say that you believe Infosys is the aberration as opposed to being the norm?
A: We don’t speak about individual companies, but from many of the statements that we have heard from the management, they have mentioned some very specific issues that could be company specific.
Q: Where do things currently stand on those high visa cost?
A: The visa fee went up two years ago and I think that’s pretty much factored into the business today. The real concern for us is the high rejection rate of visas because that adds to the uncertainty of our businesses. So this issue is top priority for us. 
It’s very high priority for the government as well. In every trade discussion, this topic keeps cropping up. The US government has realised that there is a problem and we hope that in the coming months, they will address it by providing better guidance on how the rejection rate could actually come down. 
As I speak about the coming year, the sector continues to be positive on hiring plans and  the number of job-offers that are being made in campuses were quite good. 
Q: You talked about how Nasscom has differentiated growth for the sector. A quick word about midcap and small-cap companies as these may be the ones that bear the brunt.
A: They did bear the brunt in the past and in 2008, their recovery was slower. But they have, in the last two-three years, changed their strategies and have became more focused. Our belief is that midcap companies seem to be back on track and would probably post higher growth this year.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
The management of Bangalore-based  Infosys   agitated the already-tensed nerves of market by saying that FY13 guidance at 8-10% is below the NASSCOM's guidance of 11-14%. This statement by the company has shocked many analysts, who belive the IT sector is in for a re-rating unless  TCS   tops NASSCOM's expectations. Infosys not only guided to a very poor FY13, but also posted one of the weakest fourth quarter results. NASSCOM has said it may review Infosys's growth guidance after TCS and Wipro results. 
Analsyts expect this kind of news is disasterous for markets and the IT sector;  Infosys opened nearly 10% lower and also took TCS along with it, which sank 5%.  Infosys' consolidated  net profit for the fiscal fourth quarter ended March 31   was up, but it disappointed with EPS guidance for FY13. 
The real problemAn uncertain global economy and rising US rhetoric against shipping of jobs to low-cost locations ahead of the November presidential election remain concerns for the sector that gets half its revenue from the world's largest economy. TCS, Infosys and No. 3 exporter Wipro are also facing increased competition from bigger global rivals such as IBM and Accenture for a bigger share of the outsourcing business.
But all this rhetoric puts a huge credibility gap for a company that is a brand name and hold an enviable position among its peers. 
 This is new-normal, says Infosys   
Defending the company's decision to guide to a muted EPS numbers ahead, Infosys CEO and MD Shibulal told CNBC-TV18 that it has been a huge volatile quarter; March saw one of the biggest slip-down due to delays in contract launches and ramp downs in a few BFSI clients. "All this took place at the fag end of the quarter. Our visibility for the entire year now is only 65%. There is lack of client confidence. There is a visibility on client budget, but not spending."  Shibulal believes it takes a lot of courage to come out with a guidance in such a scenario. Going into the new fiscal year, the situation remains quite wobbly for the company.
Experts react
With Infosys disappointing investors with its fourth quarter earnings and EPS guidance, analsysts say going forward investors will be stock-specific rather than looking at sector.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Moshe-Katri of Cowen & Co said Infosys is going through company-specific problems. A few years ago, Wipro went through some problems, but it restructured itself to overcome it. Infy has a very competitive position in the market, and should find a way to revive itself. ( Read: Full interview text   )Sudarshan Sukhani, did not find any problem with the company, but warned investors never to go long on stocks on the eve of a big news. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Jagdish Malkani, Member- BSE/ NSE advice traders to buy  Infosys  .
Malkani told CNBC-TV18, “Infosys management, certainly been very disappointing, but again the market is a harsh place.”
He further added, “It’s been overdone, whatever it is at the Rs 160, next year to 15 times, it’s been a stalwart to the past and the fall is overdone, but who can say especially when the institutions take a dim view and more than that I am certainly quite bearish on the rupee and what better play than tech to play that out and yes in the pecking order  TCS   I still hope unless there are some shocks in that will be a better performer, but the Infosys fall has been overdone. I would buy Infosys, it would get my vote ahead of that purely because of the sheer brutality of the fall and it’s not that bad prognosis that’s come out.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Limited upside is seen in  Infosys  , says Bhavin Shah, Equirus Securities.
Shah told CNBC-TV18, “We are still working out with Infosys numbers honestly because our thesis has been that for the last eight months we are seeing a structural slowdown in the IT sector and that is affecting the growth rates of the Indian companies but Infosys in particular is suffering even more so than the others so we are still scratching our head as to what could be the new price target if you will but you talk about Rs 160 sort of a guidance EPS based on the earnings growth the company is going to achieve in FY13 as well as some sort of realistic outlook for FY14-15.”
He further added, “I would put in 13-14 times multiple on that and that will still suggest some more downside from here but that’s a preliminary thought. We also look at long-term what sort of sale growth margins return on capital to assume and discounted cash flow (DCF) valuation and even that I would think is not going to suggest any upside in spite of this fall today, so I don’t expect any upside in the stock even after this fall.”
“Qualitatively other IT companies have certainly been more optimistic about business, I would say then Infosys however quantatively if you look at the volume growth rate reported by all the IT companies in the December quarter and what is generally expected in the March quarter there is a clear slow down in growth rates, so I will say that the process of multiple contraction that we have been talking about for sometime. So for the rest of the IT stocks I think obviously they have dropped in sympathy as well. For example  TCS   I don’t think it needs to fall significantly from here but at the same time the question is there an upside in the sector over next 6-12 months and there is still have my doubts if there is any upside because as I said we are in a process of multiple contraction.”												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Stay away from  Infosys   and  TCS  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "There is no buying opportunity because the declines in this quarter after quarterly results were announced for Infosys mirror the declines in January similarly in Infosys has fallen 10% but that time traders said maybe this is a one-off event and so we saw a rally that covered all the losses but second quarter this time the market is unlikely to accept it as a one-off event."
He further added, "There are support levels in Infosys which have been decisively broken, the stock itself has been falling for some time and the same applies to TCS. So both of these stocks are now selling opportunities on rallies and this time a lot of effort will have to be extended by the bulls to end the day at some lower level and then it becomes a buy. So it’s wise to stay away from these two major IT stocks maybe for a few weeks at least."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sell  Infosys  , says VK Sharma, Head Private Broking & Wealth Management, HDFC Securities.
Sharma told CNBC-TV18, "At this point Infosys is a sell because currently at this kind of PE you can get better stocks and not only from this but from the IT sector. But if you look at the midcaps there could be many. The fact is you need to get out of this stock at this point of time at this price."
He further added, "There is no point in waiting for any other action or hoping that things would turnaround. This is a sector in which there are sector headwinds and this company has not done well."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, Sharmila Joshi of Fairwealth Securities, Nooresh Merani of AMSEC Research and Keval Bhanushali of Keynote Capital battle it out for top honours. 
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
Sharmila Joshi of Fairwealth Securities
I buy  IVRCL   with a target of Rs 72.90 and stop loss at Rs 70. I have liked the stock ever since they have declared the fact that they are going to merge IVRCL Assets with itself because this will mean faster monetisation of their assets and a reduction of debt etc. But this buys more on the recommendation of the fact that Essel Group has been buying into the IVRCL stock and we have been hearing that they have offered the promoters to buyout their stock. So this stock could likely see more action and I would expect the stock to trend to about Rs 85-90 levels. 
I buy  LIC Housing   with a target price of Rs 273 and stop loss at Rs 265. Last quarter we saw good set of numbers from the company and also the fact that their loan book grew nicely. For the longer term, I have a target of closer to about Rs 295 but for the day I am recommending with a target of Rs 273. 
I buy  Subros   with a target price of Rs 32 and stop loss at Rs 30. There is news that Denso could be looking to buy into Subros. Denso already holds about 13% into the stock. Subros is auto ancillary, its biggest client is Maruti Suzuki and as a result of which we saw that in the last quarter numbers were reflecting the weaker numbers we got from Maruti Suzuki in that quarter. But now things are looking better, passenger cars are also looking good and the fact that Denso is looking to buy from it, it could put this stock on a very attractive pitch. 
Once again there is news that  HCL Info   could be looking to sell part of their stake and Lenovo is reported to be one of the buyers which is interested in the stock. This is a decent size company and they do have good UID orders, so that in itself is attractive thing for the stock. But today I buy this more on the basis of stake sale news.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				India's leading software exporters are expected to face a challenging year ahead due to growing competition, an uncertain global economy and rising US rhetoric against shipping of jobs to low-cost locations ahead of the November presidential election.
That may well take the shine off strong January-March results for companies such as  Infosys   and  Tata Consultancy Services  , which benefited from cost-conscious customers bumping up demand. The results are set to be released over the next few weeks.
Investors will focus on what the companies in India's USD 100 billion information technology and back-office services outsourcing sector project for growth, their hiring plans as well as comments on the pricing environment and outlook for discretionary spending by clients.
"They need to have visibility, which is somewhat marred by the pretty volatile situation in the United States and Europe," Dhiraj Sachdev, a senior fund manager at HSBC Asset Management, said, referring to the Indian software firms.
"Business confidence is also fluctuating," he said. "In such a scenario, customers are also very hesitant on how to go about their (technology spending) budgets."
Global investor sentiment has turned fragile after recent data, including a weak March United States jobs report and renewed concerns on European sovereign debt highlighted risks to the nascent global economic recovery. The Indian outsourcing industry gets about three-quarters of its revenue from the United States and Europe.
Reflecting the concerns on the sector's outlook, shares of IT companies have been laggards in 2012. Shares of Infosys, which has a market value of about USD 31 billion, are up a modest 1.6% this year, while those of Tata Consultancy are down about 2% and the sector index has added 4.3%.
By comparison, the BSE Sensex has gained about 11%.
Infosys, which will report fourth-quarter results on Friday, has "potential to surprise," with a forecast of 13% to 16% rise in dollar revenue for 2012-13, Standard Chartered analysts Pankaj Kapoor and Apoorva Oza wrote in a research note.
Worldwide IT spending is forecast to increase 2.5% in 2012 from a year ago, research firm Gartner Inc. said on Apr 5, lower than its January forecast of 3.7% growth. The cut in forecast is due to a strong US dollar, it said.
PROTECTIONIST MEASURES
Tata Consultancy, Infosys and No. 3 exporter  Wipro   are also facing increased competition from bigger global rivals such as IBM and Accenture for a bigger share of the outsourcing business.
The competition for the leading Indian software companies is likely to intensify after smaller rival  Tech Mahindra   last month bought the remaining stake in unit  Mahindra Satyam  , becoming India's No. 5 software exporter by revenue.
Fears of protectionist measures ahead of the US presidential election is also an overhang for the sector, with President Barack Obama sharpening his criticism of US firms 'exporting' jobs.
The US administration seeks to tax those firms more and use that money to help those that keep jobs at home.
Infosys, which is also listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange, is expected to post a 27.5% rise in profit in the quarter ended March to Rs 2,318 crore, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Sector leader Tata Consultancy is seen reporting a 22% rise in quarterly profit to Rs 2,928 crore, while Wipro should see a 9.5% increase in profit to Rs 1,505 crore, the data showed.
Tata Consultancy will report on April 23, followed by Wipro on April 25.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				India's technology outsourcing companies fell on Thursday on local media reports the United States had raised the cost of processing H-1B employment visas.
The higher costs could hit profit margins at India's USD 100 billion technology and business process outsourcing industry, which employs 107,000 people in the United States, of which near a third are Americans.
Indian companies also send local employees to India, typically through the H-1B visas.
 Infosys   and  Tata Consultancy Services   each fell 1.6%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Suresh Mahadevan, UBS Securities is neutral on  Infosys   and  TCS  .
Mahadevan told CNBC-TV18, "In IT space I think we are still kind of neutral on the big cap names which is Infosys and TCS and clearly if the currency were to stay weak it helps them. Of course the data points out of US have been somewhat encouraging, so that will also help them. But having said that, I think this fourth quarter our analyst is not too positive on the numbers they will report, because clearly it is somewhat of a backward looking quarter. Maybe next couple of quarters out I think things should start picking up."
He further added, "Essentially I think it<U+0092>s a sector where growth rates are coming off and I think stocks are also now trading at probably mid to high teens multiples. I think any pick up in the growth rate could lead to some kind of a rerating. But again in times like these there is a general preference for quality names. So from that perspective most of the IT stocks should benefit. Clearly, we are not too gung-ho about the sector, but kind of neutral somewhat."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Short  Infosys   around Rs 2820, says Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth.Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys is trading in a range of Rs 2,820-2,940 for last the couple of weeks and on higher side we are seeing lot of selling pressure. Today the stock has broken its support level at Rs 2,820 and we have again seen some short build-up in Infosys and we have also seen some short build-up in CNX IT index which has broken its crucial support, which is trading around its crucial support of 6,440-6,450 levels."
He further added, "We have expecting that Infosys may see some more correction, it may correct by 2-3% in next one-two trading sessions. I think Rs 2,820 is a good level where one can make short position with a target of Rs 2,770-2,750 levels and higher side stop loss will be Rs 2845."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   2850 Put, says VK Sharma, Head Private Broking & Wealth Management, HDFC Securities.
Sharma told CNBC-TV18, "In terms of positioning one has to be in cash rather than in the stock. So we are holding the Infosys stock. I think its better to sell out and wait for weaker times but if you have taken a fundamental call and you want to use derivatives then buying the 2850 put is an option which I am suggesting for all Infosys holders because the stock is not going anywhere and it could disappoint with its earning guidance. So from that perspective I am suggesting buying the 2850 Put which is quite cheap at around Rs 80." 
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Dec, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 426.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 6.62. The dividend yield of the company was 2.12%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   2750 Put around Rs 72, says VK Sharma, HDFC Securities.
Sharma told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>IT stocks, way the positions were built on the shorter side yesterday the market was trying to recover gives me a sense that one could be well pleased to go into the series with puts in hand. So if you have exposure to Infosys buying the 2750 put at around Rs 72 with stop loss at Rs 60 is my suggestion and this can also be traded as a bet because if the guidance is not going to come then of course the stock is going to be hit pretty badly, otherwise also it looks bad.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093> Ashok Leyland   is one stock which has held up quite well in the last few sessions. It has not gone down below Rs 29. Rs 28 are a good support. So going in the fact that all the positions were cut and the stock did go down by 1% yesterday, buying the 30 call at around Rs 1.30 is my suggestion and one can keep a stop loss of Rs 0.80 in this call and one can hope to sell this at Rs 2.5 total premium. So you double your profits in this.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Selling pressure seen in  Infosys   and  TCS  , says Aditya Agarwal, Sr. Derivative Analyst, Way2Wealth.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>If we see rollovers Nifty, we have not seen very encouraging rollovers, players are still not confident on which side Nifty may go as Nifty is trading in a narrow band.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>If we see stock specific then we have seen some strong rollovers in infrastructure and textile sector. In this series we have already seen that textiles have outperformed the market in a big way and if we see stocks like  Raymond  , this is one stock which has seen a sharp rally. Similarly  Bombay Dyeing  ,  Century Textiles  , all these 3 counters are looking definitely good from these levels, we have seen lot of long rollovers. So we are expecting that textile sector may see some good bounce backs from these levels.<U+0094>
<U+0093>In infrastructure space also we have not seen any major correction and infact at lower levels we have seen lot of long accumulation and we are also seeing some long rollovers. So in both these sectors we are bullish. If we see technology sector we have not seen great rollovers, rollovers are on lower side and we are also seeing some selling pressure at higher levels. Infosys, TCS both these stocks are facing lot of selling pressure at higher levels. So on both these counters we are little bit negative, we are expecting that these stocks will be under pressure and we will continue to see some selling pressure on these two counters.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com, Rajesh Jain of Religare Securities and Nooresh Mirani of AMSEC Research, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com 
My first pick is  Orchid Chemicals  . After making a good base near to Rs 170 the stock bounced back sharply and broke the resistance of Rs 180. On the daily chart it is making triangular pattern, so now in next 1-2 trading sessions the stock can test Rs 197. One can buy the stock at current levels with a stop loss of Rs 178.
 Indraprastha Gas   was trading in the range of Rs 360-370 for last 8-9 trading sessions but yesterday it gave a bullish breakout. So possibly stock can test Rs 392 which is its January high. So, one can buy the stock at current levels with a stop loss of Rs 362.
 
Rajesh Jain of Religare Securities
 GMR Infra   closed sharply higher on good volumes. Even the market was on a good short covering rally along with good volumes. One can buy the stock at its current price keeping a stop loss of Rs 30 for target of Rs 33. Dr Reddys   has been holding on to near its higher levels for quite some time and is now ready for a break on the higher side. One can buy the stock at its current price keeping a stop loss of Rs 1660 for higher target of Rs 1720. 
 
Nooresh Mirani of AMSEC Research
Buy  Infosys   with a target price of Rs 3000 and a stop loss of Rs 2820. Yesterday the stock has given a triangle breakout and sustaining above Rs 2900 in the day could take it to Rs 3000 in extreme short term. Any dips to Rs 2850 would be a buying opportunity if it comes. Buy  Orchid Chemicals   with a target price of Rs 195 and a stop loss to be placed at Rs 178. Yesterday the stock has given a triangle breakout as well as it is about to cross its major moving averages. Also the volumes have picked up yesterday indicating it could be a short term move.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				As the US presidential election ramps up the rhetoric against offshoring jobs, India's flagship software services providers are seeking an image makeover.
For  Wipro  ,  Infosys   and others, multi-billion dollar outsourcing giants with US-listed shares, the challenge is to be seen less as a cheap Bangalore dump for US companies shipping work overseas, and more as responsible firms creating jobs and investing in America's future.
"If young people in America look at us as a career opportunity, we have succeeded," T V Mohandas Pai said six years ago when he was a board member at Infosys.
Today, India's USD 100 billion IT and business process outsourcing (BPO) industry says it directly employs 107,000 people in the United States, close to a third of whom are Americans, a figure that has doubled in five years.
The industry's makeover takes on a new urgency ahead of the US presidential election in November where jobs will be a crunch issue. President Barack Obama has sharpened his criticism of US firms 'exporting' jobs, seeking to tax them more and use that money to help those that keep jobs at home.
"I'm responsible for transforming the organisation into one having a look and feel of a US corporation ... changing Infosys in USA to Infosys USA," Padmanabhan Rao, who heads the company's US operations, writes as his LinkedIn profile.
It's increasingly a business reality.
The outsourcing industry, championed by India but spreading to other Asian centres such as the Philippines, expects to hit USD 225 billion in annual revenues by 2020 - an unrealistic target without strong growth in the United States, the biggest market.
Infosys has 15,000 employees in the United States, including those with shorter-term work permits, and will have hired another 1,200 locals in the past year. North American clients generate close to two-thirds of global revenue. Infosys employs more than 145,000 people worldwide.
Rao told Reuters the goal for Infosys is to double local recruitment, and that may happen as early as the next fiscal year. Part of his job, Rao says, is "to get Infosys to think global, but act local."
Indian outsource firms are "willing to step up and do things a little bit different to show their investment in the US economy," said Helen Huntley, a vice president at Gartner Inc, noting the tone of political debate has grown harsher in line with greater economic uncertainty.
"That's political motivation as well as motivation for clients ... (who want to see) feet on the street," she said.
By setting up shop in the United States, Indian outsourcers could win more business from smaller US customers under pressure in an election year to hire and outsource locally.
"It plays naturally to Indian providers who want to show a presence in the US," said Huntley.
The Indian firms are increasingly looking to transfer staff from their clients on to their own books to secure orders. This also helps as a public relations tool to raise their profile as local job creators, Huntley noted, and can qualify for certain state incentives.
When  Tata Consultancy Services   opened a centre in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009, the state governor attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
"The Indian companies are very engaged" in getting local political support, noted Huntley. TCS, India's No.1 software services exporter, last month opened a technology centre in Santa Clara, California to serve as global headquarters for its mobile computing work.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   Ltd. , India's No. 2 software services exporter, expects to double its product research and development engineers to 1,000 in India, the company said on Thursday.
They will work in areas including digital electronics, internet commerce and healthcare, according to the company.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
Technology bellwether  Infosys   has signed a multi-year, multi-million dollar contract with pharma major GlaxoSmithKline to optimize digital channels across its global consumer healthcare and pharmaceuticals business lines. 
The partnership in association with Fabric Worldwide, part of WPP advertising agency, will simplify and improve effectiveness of how GSK delivers digital content online, it said on Tuesday.
Infosys will create a new shared service function, Global Digital Services, which will run on cloud computing based platform. GSK hopes it will improve ways it engages with its consumers and healthcare professionals.
Infosys and Fabric Worldwide will also provide specialized digital marketing services, around brand and agency liaison and advanced analytics to enable GSK improve the effectiveness of digital media. 
Infosys shares closed up 1.5% at Rs 2,859.80 on NSE on Tuesday. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				 Infosys   chief Kris Gopalakrishnan today expressed hope that DTC and GST will be pushed through in the forthcoming Budget, while Genpact vice chairman Pramod Bhasin feared economic reforms will be tough going forward.
Infosys Technologies Executive Co-Chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan said he hoped continuity of reforms suggested by the government. "There is an expectation on direct tax code and Goods and Service Tax (GST). I hope these tax reforms get pushed through," he said.
On the other hand, Pramod Bhasin, Vice Chairman of Genpact, a BPO firm, today said industries would be worried in the wake of fears looming large that the Centre would present a populist Budget to appease regional parties, which did exceedingly well in the just-concluded assembly elections.
"I do worry as to what implications are for this year's Union Budget. How bold can the government afford to be given that it is yet to figure out exactly where its power base lies... Yes all industries will worry about it," he told reporters.
The results in favour of regional parties leads to fractured politics even more with the Budget looming ahead, Bhasin said.
"We are worried whether the government will announce big changes in reforms. Will it announce any major move to allow more investments (that would become a bone of contention between regional and central parties)," he said.
Bhasin urged regional parties to have a national perception and place nation above individual parties to arrive at a consensus on issues of reforms and change.
"We need to have a national consensus on five to ten big areas. Now what is happening is every issue seems to be handled differently by different parties... therefore we don't quite know (the fate of the reforms or policies)," he said. 
Asked about his wishlist that should be included in the upcoming Budget, Bhasin urged the government to free up the education sector, but with regulation.  "I am a strong proponent of good regulation for there are far too many universities and colleges which don't offer great training but charge exhorbitant money leading to loss of credibility,"  Bhasin said.
Secondly, the government must get its act together on issues of tax and custom duties, he said, adding, "we cannot call ourselves 21st century country when we are every day fighting a battle on tax issues."
Thirdly the government should improve governance per se in the country, Bhasin said.
On global economy, Gopalakrishnan said things have started to look better in US and Europe, but there would be a slow recovery. "There is some confidence that issues related to Greece will be resolved. We hope we will not face 2008 catastrophe," he said.
IT industry would have a difficult period for the next two to three years, but 13-15% growth in the prevailing condition is good, Gopalakrishnan said. "Infact, IT industry is growing faster than the national GDP or world economy," he added.
Asked Infosys was contemplating to cancel its plans to set up its facility in West Bengal in the wake of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee ruling out SEZ status for the company, he said the company has not yet taken any decision on the issue.
"We are having discussions with West Bengal government. We will not take any hasty decision. I am hopeful the issue will be resolved," he said.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Buy  Infosys   2900 call, says Manoj Murlidharan Vayalar, Associate Vice President-Derivatives, IIFL PReMIA.
Murlidharan told CNBC-TV18, "This point of time because VWAP is at 5330 we are using a call option to trade the swings. So we are buying an Infosys 2900 call option at Rs 26. We have bought  Allahabad Bank   also, that<U+0092>s futures somewhere close to 190 with a stop loss of 186. We are looking around Rs 8-9 on that, somewhere close to 199."
Infosys trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 129.58 per share. (Dec, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 426.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 6.73. The dividend yield of the company was 2.09%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Manas Jaiswal, Technical Analyst, manasjaiswal.com, Arunesh Madan, Founder and Director of Augment Investment Pvt ltd and Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Manas Jaiswal, Technical Analyst, manasjaiswal.com
My first pick is  Bank of Baroda  . After taking support near the 200 DMA, it bounced back sharply and yesterday it broke the resistance of Rs 840 with higher volumes. So possibly it can test its February high of Rs 881 in couple of days. So, one can buy the stock at current levels with the stop loss of Rs 830.
My second pick is  Central Bank  . Last week on a weekly chart, it made a hammer pattern and yesterday it bounced back sharply. On the daily chart, it is making inverse head and shoulder pattern, the neckline is placed at Rs 111. Looking at the pattern I feel that it can break the neckline and can test Rs 117 in two trading sessions. So, one can buy the stock at current levels with a stop loss of Rs 107.
 
Arunesh Madan, Founder and Director of Augment Investment Pvt ltd
I have an intraday sell call in  Infosys   in the range of Rs 2,870 to Rs 2,900 with a stop loss being placed above Rs 2,920 levels on a closing basis. The stock is facing resistance in the near-term in the range of Rs 2,915 to Rs 2,920 for a target of Rs 2,780 by the end of day today.
I have a sell call in  Bharat Petroleum Corporation    (BPCL) in the range of Rs 690-695 with a stop loss being placed above Rs 710 levels on a closing basis. We should use the current momentum in the stock to build short positions as the stock is closer to a very significant resistance level of Rs 700. One should look for a target of Rs 665-660 in the next couple of trading sessions.
 
Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management
My first stock for today is  Mahindra and Mahindra  . This stock has been correcting for last few days and today it was showing some positive movement on the upside. We can buy this stock at a current market price for a target of Rs 700-710 with a stop loss below Rs 650. However, the investors can accumulate this stock with a stop loss of below Rs 625 for a target of around Rs 800.
The second stock for today is  Welspun Corp  . This stock had shown a very strong movement from Rs 65 to Rs 157 in last two months and after correcting for sometime now it is showing some positive movement again. We can buy this stock above Rs 145 for a target of Rs 155 to Rs 170 with a stop loss below Rs 137.
 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com advice traders to take long position in  Infosys   and  Wipro   at current level.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>It makes sense to take long positions in Infosys, Wipro and the CNX IT itself, but not TCS. I said I am repeating it because the patterns suggest that the charts are just breaking out. Anything can happen tomorrow or overnight, that<U+0092>s a different issue. But there is a buying opportunity which is opening up as we speak, so there is a lot of sense.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093> United Spirits   when it was Rs 650-700 I used to repeatedly say that we would see Rs 450 soon enough. Today as I see its Rs 480, it<U+0092>s near enough for me to say that that was a good call.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  , Vishal Kshatriya, Sr Derivative and Technical Analyst, Edelweiss and Rakesh Gandhi, Sr Technical Analyst, LKP, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  
My first pick is  ICICI Bank  . It has formed lower top lower bottom formation on daily charts, on hourly charts it has turned bearish. I recommend a sell with a stoploss of Rs 895 and target of Rs 875 and 865.
My second pick is  Infosys  . It has broken an important support with gap yesterday. Hourly charts pattern is bearish. I recommend a sell with a stoploss of Rs 2880 and target of Rs 2820 and 2800.
 
Vishal Kshatriya, Sr Derivative and Technical Analyst, Edelweiss
My first pick is going long on  Hindalco Industries  . The stock has formed head and shoulder pattern on its hourly charts with neckline placed at Rs 152. We believe stock can rally till Rs 163 if it breaks its resistance of RS 152. Traders can go long on breakout above Rs 152 with a target of Rs 163 and stoploss at Rs 146.
My second pick for the day is going long on  Bombay Dyeing  . Yesterday stock has seen aggressive long build up, which is indicated by Open Int data. Momentum oscillators on daily as well as intraday charts have given a fresh buy signal. I am expecting stock to trade with a positive bias in days to come. I recommend going long at CMP with a target of Rs 500 and stoploss at Rs 440.
 
Rakesh Gandhi, Sr Technical Analyst, LKP
My first pick for the day is  ACC  . The stock has seen high of Rs 1420 and now has retraced upto Rs 1240 where it has found a buying interest and hence can be bought for a target of Rs 1370 with a stoploss of Rs 1290.
My second pick is  Gujarat Fluorochemicals  . The stock has been making higher highs and higher lows and has been moving in a band of 10% since last 2 weeks. I believe from the formation that once again the stock would touch the higher point of the band and could be bought for a target of Rs 540 and stoploss of Rs 500.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, Ashish Kapur of Investshoppe, Nooresh Merani of AMSEC Securities and Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax battle it out for top honours. 
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
Ashish Kapur of Investshoppe
Buy  Hero MotoCorp   with a target of Rs 2080 and keep a stoploss at Rs 1910. Hero MotoCorp continues to deliver a strong performance despite a very challenging environment and I think the two wheeler industry in India is still poised to do very well despite the rapid growth it has seen over the last many years. Also the latest results saw a surprise increase in EBITDA operating margins thanks to a reduction in raw material costs and also savings on selling, general and administration expenses. Revenue growth was also very robust.
Buy  ACC   with a target of Rs 1365 and keep a stoploss at Rs 1250. ACC has been doing very well. Previous quarter results showed a very robust performance and going ahead with the kind of development activities especially in the infrastructure space which is expected to trace in the next five year plan it<U+0092>s fair to assume that demand for cement will remain strong and strong companies with a national presence like ACC should continue doing well. Hence in this corrective phase this is another stock which is nearly defensive in nature.
Buy  L&T   with a target of Rs 1430 and keep a stoploss at Rs 1305. L&T is a company which managed to surprise marketmen with the kind of results they gave in the previous quarter despite concerns of slowdown in the capital good space this is one company which managed to beat its peer and managed to deliver stellar numbers despite a very challenging and a very difficult environment. Hence this correction again can be used to buy into L&T. It<U+0092>s within the capital goods infrastructure space the safest bet to be in. 
Short  BGR Energy   with a target of Rs 313 and keep a stoploss at Rs 346. We feel that the company is likely to face stiff competition going ahead and there is no visibility of any growth in the power equipment space yet. Hence within the midcap space the power equipment segment is something which one can easily stay away from and to hedge your portfolio since I have three longs I recommended short in BGR Energy and the results were also fairly poor. There was a drop in both the revenue as well as the EBITDA.
Nooresh Merani of AMSEC Securities
Buy  Tata Global Beverage   with a target of Rs 125.95 and keep a stoploss at Rs 114. I have gone long on Wednesday<U+0092>s trades taking into hypothesis that LTRO II operations on Wednesday should be strong and that would further infuse liquidity into emerging markets. So taking that as a backdrop kind of thing my first call is Tata Global. Recently what we have been seeing after the rush we had seen that LIC along with one or two institutions they were serious sellers in this counter and that selling seems to have been absorbed. One of the participants even Tata<U+0092>s group assets, they have raised stake in the company, so now that the selling has been absorbed we feel that counter could again move up. 
Buy  Hexaware   with a target of Rs 123.45 and keep a stoploss at Rs 108.75. The kind of results Hexaware Technologies had shown in last three or four quarter results exceedingly strong results this company has shown, growth has been strong , they have beaten their guidance at most of the times. So on result front the company is doing exceedingly well. There has been a buzz that NEC of Japan, they are eyeing the company, and they could be eyeing the majority stake in the company. That may or may not happen immediately but that is the buzz around the corner. And because of this buzz we could see solid activity in this counter yesterday. That momentum along with the momentum the market could take the stock a much higher levels. 
Buy  Reliance Industrial Infrastructure   with a target of Rs 497 and keep a stoploss at Rs 459. RIIL is a high beta MDA group company and we have seen sort of Rs 100 correction in the stock in recent times. But we have seen a breakout on weekly as well as monthly charts and stock found the support at 200 DMA. With the kind of momentum back into this high beta category of stocks we feel this momentum could again take the stock to levels beyond Rs 500. However for the day our targets are closer to Rs 497. 
Buy  National Fertiliser   with a target of Rs 95.9 and keep a stoploss at Rs 87. The kind of volume patterns we have seen in the stock yesterday and not to forget Jindal with kind of buzz that is created in this fertilizer stock or fertilizer story before this Budget we feel that this stock could be heading to levels closer to Rs 105-110 in coming two or three weeks. However for the day my targets are closer to Rs 95.90. 
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax
Buy  Sintex Industries   with a target price of Rs 95 in short term and intraday target price of Rs 90. I would now shift my stop loss to Rs 82 levels in the stock. 
Buy  LIC Housing Finance   with a target price of Rs 260 in the day and short term target price of Rs 270. The stop loss should now be placed at Rs 244 levels. 
Buy on   GMDC   with an intraday target price of Rs 220 and a medium term target price of Rs 270-300. The stop loss to be placed at Rs 190 for this trade.
Buy  Infosys   with a target of Rs 2990 and keep a stoploss at Rs 2830.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Technology is one sector which is looking quite promising from these levels. In  Infosys   we are expecting Rs 3150 to 3200 level in short term. So in Infosys long positions can be initiated, says Aditya Agarwal, Sr Derivative Analyst, Way2Wealth.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, "Technology is one sector which is looking quite promising from these levels. If you see Infosys,  TCS  ,  HCL Tech   are looking good. In Infosys we are expecting Rs 3150 to 3200 level in short term. So in Infosys long positions can be initiated."
He further added, "In Oil marketing sector  BPCL   is one stock in which we have seen a sharp rally but again we are seeing long accumulation at every higher levels. So in BPCL we are quite positive from these levels. If BPCL corrects by Rs 8-10, if it comes in the range of Rs 668-670, long positions can be initiated with a target of Rs 690 to Rs 700 and stop loss of Rs 657."
"In power space if you see  Power Grid   is one counter, for last two years this stock was trading in a range of Rs 113 to. So if it breaks Rs 116 we can see a renewed rally in Power Grid which can take the stock towards Rs 126 levels. So in Power Grid also long positions can be initiated above Rs 116. Stop loss of Rs 101-111 and target of Rs 126."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				CNBC-TV18 brings you a brand new week of Bull's Eye. It's the popular game show where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, Ashish Kapur of Investshoppe, Nooresh Merani of AMSEC Securities and Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax battle it out for top honours. 
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
Ashish Kapur of Investshoppe
My first call is a long position on  TCS   with a target at Rs 1,335 and stop loss at Rs 1232. The logic for this is simple, the market is in a corrective mode and we feel that defensives are the best places to park money in for the moment. TCS being one of the better players, better managed company, certainly it is a stock which one can look at buying. The sector including TCS has kind of been sideways for last couple of weeks and in this correction there are chances that this sector and particularly this stock could move up to balance the correction happening in other segments and other sectors. 
Second pick is a long position on  Bharti Airtel   with a target at Rs 360 and stop loss at Rs 333. Here the logic is that this is a defensive play especially after the recent fall and the negative factor which was the result we feel has more than been discounted in the price. After the fall over the last couple of weeks at the current price Bharti Airtel represents a good pick for a long-term investor. 
Third call is a long position on  Hindustan Unilever   with a target at Rs 405 and stop loss at Rs 375. It has been in a corrective mode over the last couple of weeks after a very successful run up, beyond Rs 400 the stock face some selling pressure and has been in a kind of a sideways correction over the last many trading sessions, it is a very defensive play and in this present mode of correction it presents a safe bet to rely on. 
Final call for the day is a short position on  Patel Engineering   with a target at Rs 100 and stop loss at Rs 111.5. The logic for this is that this is a company along with many other engineering stocks, which have run up successfully over the last couple of weeks. At the present price all the positives are certainly factored in and there are various negatives which could crop up going ahead. The company has a huge amount of debt on its balance sheet and is facing numerous working capital constraints also the debt on its balance sheet has raised in the last quarter by 20%; this certainly is a grave concern.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  TCS   at current level, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>I would be buying TCS and as it is an old favourite. It<U+0092>s been in an uptrend just as  Infosys   has been. TCS is again making new highs in a market that<U+0092>s little down beat.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>We want to buy stocks that make new highs and TCS qualifies as that. It s a low beta stock so we don<U+0092>t expect big gains but fortunately our losses are likely to be much lower and the chances are that we may not have a loss at all. So TCS represents a buying opportunity, even in a market that goes down, I would say TCS would be a buy and of course if the market goes up intraday then TCS should do much better.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com shares his view on  Reliance Industries  .
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "It looks like Reliance Industries will underperform the Nifty. So it<U+0092>s simply a very low level buy on dips trade. You buy now and get out at Rs 15 higher. But the big moves are not going to come in Reliance. So you can let it be.<U+0094>
He further added, "The two big bets for today are not in the index. They are in gold which now appears to be willing to be break out of a fairly long congestion and in crude which even though is lower today gives the impression that it<U+0092>s moving much higher much to our disappointment. In the index itself financials we have been talking about  State Bank  ,  ICICI Bank   and  Axis Bank   for long time now and the two tech stocks  TCS   and  Infosys  , these are the five stocks I would be betting on."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				CNBC-TV18 brings you a brand new week of Bull's Eye. It's the popular game show where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com, Rakesh Gandhi of LKP and Sharmila Joshi of Fairwealth Securities battle it out for top honours. 
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com
First call for the day is a buy call on  GTL   with a day target of Rs 62 and stop loss of Rs 56.70. After the debt restructuring program having approved by the bankers of the company it is learnt that company is making a preferential allotment of close to about Rs 233 crore which will also see the promoter stake rising from 29% to about 53% and this is seen quite positive by the market because loan has been restructured, promoter stake again will bounce back to 50% plus and hence ahead of this expected event buying has been seen in the stock and hence a buy call has been given.
Second call for the day is a buy call on  Titan Industries   with a day target of Rs 242 and stop loss of Rs 228. The Institutional delivery based buying has been seen in the stock on Friday and that has led to huge short coverings which has been piled up or have been remaining pending for quite some time. The momentum of short covering is likely to continue because the stock seems to have given a breakout which is seen positive in the time to come and hence a buy call.
Third call for the day is a short call on  Essar Oil   with a day target of Rs 63 and stop loss of Rs 70. The company has posted very poor numbers for Q3 with a net loss of about Rs 4,000 crore after providing for exceptional loss of about Rs 4,000 crore. But this is after not providing for the interest liability of close to about Rs 1,700 crore and if this would have been provided by the company the losses would have been at Rs 5,700 crore. So this is seen quite negative and even if we take a Year on Year performance for Q3 it is quite poor even after excluding this exceptional item and the trend for the stock is likely to remain negative in the time to come.
Fourth and last call for the day is a buy call on  Lanco Infratech   with a day target of Rs 24 and stop loss of Rs 22. The stock has been witnessing buying for the last three days after the company has posted satisfactory Q3 numbers but the delivery based buying has been quite huge on Friday on both the exchanges. Apart from this the company has given an indication that they will be adding 4,000 megawatt of additional power generation capacity by March 2015 mainly to take the advantage of the FSA supply as directed by the PMO which will take the total generation capacity of the company over 8,000 megawatt.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Kshatriya, Sr Derivative and Technical Analyst, Edelweiss, Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com   and Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Kshatriya, Sr Derivative and Technical Analyst, Edelweiss
My first pick is going long on  Rolta  . The stock has generated breakout of its trend line DMA along with good volumes. Momentum oscillators on daily chart continue to trade with a positive bias. I am expecting stock to trade with a positive bias in days to come and hence recommend going long at CMP with a target of Rs 105 and stoploss at Rs 90.
My second pick is going long on  Infosys  . It has given a breakout of its declining trend line placed on its daily charts. Momentum oscillators on hourly charts have given a fresh buy signal. Open Int data indicates aggressive long build up in the stock. Traders can go long at CMPO with a target of Rs 3020 and stoploss at Rs 2875.
Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  
 Bombay Dyeing   has given a strong close above the resistance of Rs 460. I recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 452 for targets of Rs 475 and Rs 484. 
 HOEC   has given strong close above the resistance of Rs 135 above average volumes, intraday charts are bullish. I recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 132 for targets of Rs 141 and Rs 144.
 
Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital Management
 HOEC   has given a good breakout above Rs 156 which has been acting as a very strong resistance for the last three months. Now we can see a level of Rs 145 to Rs 155 in a very short time and we should keep a stop loss of Rs 129 on a closing basis.
 PNB   is looking very positive on the charts and we can buy it at current market price with a stop loss below Rs 990 on a closing basis for a target of Rs 1,125 to Rs 1,200.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				The Indian IT industry is gearing up for its next phase of growth. At the NASSCOM India Leadership Forum, most IT bellwethers seemed confident of exceeding NASSCOM's growth forecast of 11-14% for the next year. 
Speaking at the Forum, R Chandrasekaran, Group CEO of Cognizant says that NASSCOM has set out a vision for the industry, which is to be a USD 225 billion industry by 2020. <U+0093>Tell me, which sector grows at this pace even in a volatile environment? We should all feel good about IT now,<U+0094> he says. 
He also announced today that the industry has crossed the USD 100 billion mark.
 TCS   on the other hand thinks that NASSCOM has been fairly conservative with the estimates. <U+0093>We feel this number is achievable, but we will review it again as we go into the next fiscal year,<U+0094> says N Chandrasekhar, managing director and chief executive officer of TCS. From TCS<U+0092> point of view, they are confident of always performing above the industry average which is the NASSCOM average.
<U+0093>NASSCOM has looked at the data from all companies, and I would say that's a realistic estimate at this point of time,<U+0094> says S Gopalakrishnan, executive co-chairman,  Infosys  . However, the uncertainty in the environment due to the global economic slowdown needs to be factored in, he says. 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				V Balakrishnan, Member of Board and CFO of  Infosys   on Tuesday said that the Department of Justice (DoJ) probe into the visa issue was not a 'criminal investigation'. 
The IT major had earlier said that in a recent meeting with the United States Attorney's office in Texas, the company was 'advised' that some of its employees and the company are targets of an investigation in connection with alleged United States visa abuse. 
In May, a federal grand jury subpoenaed Infosys in connection with a lawsuit filed by a US based employee. The employee, Jack Jay Palmer, had alleged that Infosys was misusing B1 businesses visas issued by the United States.
About six employees and Infosys was names 'target' by DoJ.  Balakrishnan said the company is in the process of submitting documents to the US authority. "The issue is a distraction not an overhang," the CFO told CNBC-TV18.
"The L-1 visa rejection rate at 40-45% from 10-12% last year,<U+0094> Balakrishnan informed adding, <U+0093>There are no issues on H1 B visas."
In United States, B1 Visas are issued for short term business visitors and not for employees being sent onsite on work. According to US visa rules, B1 visa holders should not be paid by an employer.
Balakrishnan said Infosys plans to hire about 1,500 in the US this year. "The US market in a recovery mode, however, Europe still remains a concern."
Also read:  Visa rejections on the rise, says TCS' MD & CEO  												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				The heads of  Infosys Ltd  's business units serving the finance and manufacturing sectors are swapping jobs, in an indication that both are contenders to take over the chief executive's post when it opens up in 2015.
B.G. Srinivas, global head of manufacturing and engineering services, will head the financial services and insurance operations of India's second-largest software services provider.
Ashok Vemury, who now heads the finance services business, will take on the manufacturing unit's leadership, the company said in a statement on Friday.
The appointments are effective April 1.
The chief executive's post will fall vacant in 2015 when S.D. Shibulal retires, along with Co-Chairman S. Gopalakrishnan.
"They are candidates, but they are not (the) only candidates," Gopalakrishnan told Reuters.
"What we have to do is make sure that for everyone at the leadership position that we give them the opportunity to different parts of the business, different experiences, make sure that they get visibility into the board," he said.
Both Srinivas, 51, and Vemury, 44, are directors of the company.
"It's almost like putting people into non-familiar areas and testing them for the next promotion," said Manik Taneja, senior research analyst at Emkay Global Financial Services, who expressed surprise at the timing of the announcement.
At a time when there is "weakness in demand" the change "could have near-term impact on revenues," said Taneja, who has an 'accumulate' rating on Infosys.
Shibulal and Gopalakrishnan are the last of the co-founders left with the company, which was set up in 1981 by N.R. Narayanamurthy along with Nandan Nilekani, K. Dinesh, N.S. Raghavan and Ashok Arora.
The retirement age for executives is 60 years, according to the company's policy.
Infosys shares closed 0.95% higher at Rs 2,783.25 in a strong Mumbai market.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Moneycontrol Bureau
India's second-largest software services exporter  Infosys   is swapping the heads of its manufacturing & engineering and financial services & insurance business verticals.
BG Srinivas, the global head of manufacturing & engineering services, will now head financial services & insurance business, while Ashok Vemury, currently the finance business head, will move in the opposite direction, the technology bellwether said on Friday.
The changes are effective April 1. Vemuri and Srinivas are both members of the Infosys board of directors and will continue with their existing regional leadership responsibilities for the Americas and Europe, respectively, Infosys said.
"This change brings cross industry perspectives to accelerate transformation and innovation for our clients," it said.
Infosys shares were trading at Rs 2,788 on Friday, up 1.1% on NSE.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				
					Excerpts from India Business Hour on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
					
				S Gopalakrishnan, co-founder and executive co-chairman of  Infosys   seeks policy stability for the IT industry. 
<U+0093>Policy stability and consistent implementation of the policy is what the IT industry needs,<U+0094> he said, adding that the biggest request from IT is to <U+0093>reduce the challenge the industry faces in terms of implementations.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Rahul Mohindar, Director, viratechindia.com is bullish on banking.
Mohindar told CNBC-TV18, "If you look at sectors I have been particularly bullish about banking. I still maintain a positive stand. The bank Nifty looks pretty good. Probably set for a 7-8% up move itself. So while banks may be having the next 1-2% at these levels on the downside may be but broadly speaking if I am looking at March, fairly comfortable on the Bank Nifty.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>If we look at stock specifics I would think even a stock like Reliance might just give us a bit of an up move from here, so that<U+0092>s a strong heavy weight. I am not particularly bullish on FMCG stock that is what could be a bit soft. I am not bullish on lot of the technology barring TCS. So heavy weights like  Infosys  ,  HUL  ,  ONGC  , these could really drag a bit and probably would give the negative balance to the index.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Short  Infosys   closer to Rs 2800, says Amit Gupta, Head-Derivatives, ICICI Direct.
Gupta told CNBC-TV18, "Short side if you are looking at particularly in the heavy weight space, Infosys for the last more than two weeks we initiated short call around Rs 2750 levels and to help that position we went long in Nifty. Still that position is open we are not making any loss that side. The fact that the market has moved up, which suggests Infosys is continuously underperforming the market."
He further added, "If you look at after the results the gap down that came in Infosys that was around Rs 2810 it just retested that level again and finally came down towards Rs 2720-2730 levels. I think it will be very difficult for Infosys to surpass Rs 2820-2830 and whenever it is moving towards Rs 2800 again you can go short in the stock. But the thing you need to buy Nifty along with that because the market is very volatile. This particular trade can fetch you good money over the period of one or two months."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip to Rs 2600 in the next 6 to 8 sessions, says Shardul Kulkarni, Angel Broking.
Kulkarni told CNBC-TV18, "We have recommended a short positions in case of Infosys with a stoploss of Rs 2740-2750 on the higher side. We feel that the stock may move lower to around Rs 2600 levels in the next 6 to 8 sessions.<U+0094>
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 112.22 per share. (Dec, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.37. The latest book value of the company is Rs 426.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 6.41. The dividend yield of the company was 2.19%.
Disclosure: We may have positions in the above stock and we have recommended them to our clients.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Reliance Comm   on every dip, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>Reliance Communication is the only ADAG stock which suggests that there is a bull market in the offing and I would feel that, that<U+0092>s a stock you should be looking to buy on every dip.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093> State Bank of India   (SBI) and  Infosys  , this two stocks I would recommend and while they don<U+0092>t appear to be favorites they are in a steady upmove.<U+0094>
 Reliance Comm  `s trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs -3.67 per share. (Sep, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was -. The latest book value of the company is Rs 233.26 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.42. The dividend yield of the company was 0.51%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "I would buy Infosys. See what Infosys has done that big decline after Q3 results and then stopped at Rs 2500-2550, for the last six-seven days it<U+0092>s not moving down. If the Nifty moves up, it will be supported by all the major IT stocks Infosys,  Wipro  ,  TCS  . It<U+0092>s not as if they are going to stay aloof. The charts suggest that they have reached short term lows even TCS. So Infosys is now a buying opportunity.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>Consider Infosys and TCS as a buy on every dip; now don<U+0092>t think they are going down. They have already been come down so this spring or the upside movement is that much more."
" Voltas   is an excellent stock to buy. Rs 270 at the bull market highs, then Rs 75, so clearly that was an exaggeration, exuberance they had. Maybe this decline was also an exaggeration on the downside. It<U+0092>s made a beautiful head and shoulder pattern that suggest that the reversal is going to be significant on the upside. So it<U+0092>s just beginning of its up move.<U+0094>
<U+0093>Voltas is really position trade, you buy it and hold it. But for short term traders, it<U+0092>s just breaking out of the head and shoulder resistance. So not just for today but for the next few days you want to buy it at any opportunity during the day and hold on some days, you will get big moves in it. So Voltas is beginning a bull market and deserves a buy tag." 												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   and  TCS   are the top picks in IT space, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>The stock strategies are primarily to focus on Infosys and TCS which now appear to be completing their corrections. So those are the two stocks I was looking in the morning. But the first half in any case is choppy when the new expiry begins. The Nifty is an uptrend. So far it is in an uptrend. Traders, at least that<U+0092>s what I am doing, is the best way to position ourselves on the long side of the market.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093> Hexaware Tech   doesn<U+0092>t look well. I am not very keen on the midcap IT space but Hexaware in particular looks pretty bearish and downbeat. So I don<U+0092>t know if any stock is going to fall significantly but it<U+0092>s not a buying opportunity.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Short  TCS   around Rs 1100-1120, says Atul Badkar, Edelweiss Securities.
Badkar told CNBC-TV18, "Going forward we have been observing that the entire IT space is one sector where people have before the Infosys results did book a bit of profits. Of course post  Infosys   and TCS results you have seen what has happened. So going forward I am not seeing any aggressive fresh shorting but that<U+0092>s one sector, when you speak to clients, the view that comes across is that - that<U+0092>s a sector which they like to avoid for the time being."
He further added, "They were long in the capital goods, banking space and they have lightened their positions in the IT space across the board. In TCS from Rs 1072 price where I think it is trading right now, maybe another 4-5% downside. That<U+0092>s one trade you can look at taking but not immediately. Maybe I think when this market is showing some strength, you may want to just wait a little bit more and take shorts closer to Rs 1100-1120 levels."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 HCL Tech   and  TCS   are looking good, says Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities.
Bandyopadhyay told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>IT numbers have been quite impressive, even if you look at the Infosys number or even TCS numbers, the numbers were good. I really do not see any problem if a largecap IT Company is still growing at around 15% on an average. I think that is an excellent growth.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>As a fundamental analyst, as an investor for longish term I see absolutely no problem in these numbers. Yes, short term there are concerns and yes, there are some concerns about the guidance which was provided by  Infosys   but as far as TCS is concerned, the growth was not as much as what Infosys did show in the quarter gone by. The guidance as far as TCS was concerned was quite interesting and quite encouraging I would say. I don<U+0092>t see too much of a problem in either TCS or Infosys. HCL was excellent. They are in an excellent niche and they have done pretty well in that niche. Out of the four IT Biggies definitely HCL is outpacing others in terms of growth. Wipro this quarter we believe should be good. If you ask me on an overall between the four companies still Wipro is lagging behind. We probably need to give couple of more quarters before they can catch up to the other three biggies.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip to Rs 2500, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "I think the Infosys rally was just on the back of a massive Nifty rally. The stock is weak and is looking to move towards Rs 2500, so the stop losses are visible for all traders. The targets are obviously a little more deep on the downside because you need to maintain these positions for relatively longer period of time and you should get Rs 2500 or even lower. It is the weakest of the top quality stocks." 
He further added, "In  Bank of Baroda   there is buy potential because if the Nifty chops around and say moves up 20-30 points and comes down some stocks will go up and Bank Of Baroda as well as the entire banking space suggest that in that chopping around they could be the winners, so Bank Of Baroda is a buying opportunity. Ideally you want to buy it on any intraday dip but otherwise also there is more steam left in this entire sector."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Reliance Industries   (RIL) can move to Rs 785-800, says Amit Harchekar of IIFL India Private.
Harchekar told CBC-TV18, "We have already seen major decline in  Infosys   so you can expect a pullback of 3-4%. From current levels it could be testing again Rs 2,750-2,780 kind of a zone."
He further added, "Reliance has been underperformer since last couple of days but the way we are seeing sort of accumulation going on in Reliance Industries at around Rs 725-730 zone, I am expecting the stock to move towards Rs 785 to Rs 800 because it has been the only stock, which despite having a breakout above Rs 750 levels haven<U+0092>t seen any good momentum upmove. So I believe the laggard would turn into a leading movement in the coming days."
"In metals we have already seen a good amount of rally, so you can expect some sort of a correction around 3-4% higher levels and the rally could be taken by Reliance and few largecaps."
Disclosure: We may have recommended above stocks to our clients but no personal holdings.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 Infosys  , which declared its better-than-expected third quarter numbers but  shocked market with its fourth quarter guidance  , has not disappointed its mentor Narayana Murthy. 
In an exclusive interview with CNBC-TV18, Murthy said it is difficult to perform when the focus is on margins. "I have always believed in margins more than toplines," he said.
Analysing the Information technology sector, Murthy said the situation has become tougher than before. The economy is not improving at a pace expected which is why the companies are getting wary of the environment. 
The US and European disturbances are acting as a double whammy, affecting operations of many European and American companies. The euro crisis has been more severe than expected; Murthy said adding that India's worries are compounded by soft economic growth in China.
Below is an edited transcript of his interview with Shereen Bhan. Also watch the accompanying video.
A: Definitely there is no doubt at all that the IT industry is operating in a much tougher environment than before. When you combine the difficult days in the US with the difficult days in Europe, it<U+0092>s a double whammy. These are two major economies to which we have been traditionally exporting significantly, and the fact that the economy has not been improving as fast as people would have liked has made the corporate leaders even more wary of spending on capex. So therefore it is a tougher market, there is no doubt at all.
Q: Infosys<U+0092> results yesterday did not excite the Street; the stock was down significantly. But are you on your part disappointed with the kind of performance that has been delivered?
A: Not really because when you strive for industry defining margins, when you strive for 20-30% higher in pricing compared to your competitors, in these difficult situations it<U+0092>s quite understandable that your growth will be affected. But this is a decision that the executive management has taken after lots of discussions amongst themselves. 
Ofcourse I am not part of this since I have not signed non-disclosure agreement after my retirement, I am not privy to what goes on in the company, but I know one thing that these people have decided to continue to focus on high per capita revenue productivity, high margins and therefore it<U+0092>s that much more difficult compared to anybody else. So, it<U+0092>s understandable and I am not disappointed.
Q: So given the tough operating environment, the global as well the domestic situation, as a mentor what would you advice the management to do at this point?
A: One thing I am certain is that they have kept up the value system, they have striven for respect of the corporation which was primary objective that we decided upon in 1981. I think I have always believed in margins much more than topline; I have believed in bottomline much more than topline and that is something that I decided right in 1981 and I am very happy that Shibu, Kris and Bala have believed in bottomline. Therefore we will continue to have the highest margin in the industry and we will always put margins ahead of the topline.
I am quite happy with what they are doing because at the end of the day margins on one side and value system on the other side are the two extraordinarily important objectives for us and they have continued that.
Q: Would you say that the last decade has been a lost decade when it comes to the reform agenda, that the big bang second generation reforms that India has been waiting for?
A: When we all saw the impact of the economic reforms of 1991 in terms of improving the growth rate of the economy, in terms of creating jobs, in terms of our exports, in terms of attracting foreign direct investment, in terms of our current account deficit, in terms of our foreign exchange reserves, then that should have given enough confidence to our political leaders to say that we will press on the reforms. I firstly think that waiting for 20 years was not a very smart thing.
Q: The speculation and the buzz in the capital has begun about who is going to succeed Pratibha Patil. The last time we spoke to you, you said that if an offer was really made, which was an all party offer, you would be okay with accepting that. Are you still open to the role of India<U+0092>s President?
A: No, I think that is hypothetical. I don<U+0092>t think you and I should spend any time on that. I was put in a position where I had to say what I said, but that is purely hypothetical. What is important today is that the political parties on all sides of all hues, from both sides of the isle have to come together, they have to put the interest of the nation first and therefore the Opposition will have to support the government as long as government is doing something good for the country. I would say that if that happens I will be very happy, rest of it is really not very important.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 TCS   may touch Rs 1138-1139, says Kunal Bothra, Sr Technical Analyst, LKP.
Bothra told CNBC-TV18, "TCS and Infosys are probably trying to show that one sort of technical bounce. At least the first signs are showing some sort of a technical bounce. TCS has managed to break the previous last two days high close to Rs 1115 levels. My belief is that the stock might inch up slightly more to Rs 1138-1139 mark where couple of days back had a severe gap down, so it might try and fill up the gap. The performance of the stock later on would be judged if it crosses Rs 1140 levels."
He further added, "In terms of  Infosys   the gap down which it had was close to that Rs 2,800 level. If you look from the current price action it is quite far - 7-8% from the current price but I would probably look at Rs 2,700 as a physiological mark for Infosys. If it manages to break and trade above that probably for a couple of trading sessions or comfortably during on an intraday basis I would probably go long on Infosys keeping a very tight stop loss of Rs 50."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Prefer  TCS   over  Infosys  , says Devang Mehta, Vice President & Head - Equity Sales, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Mehta told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys in the last four-five quarters had this history of getting over expectation because of the good performance. But I feel the stock is now out of the radar of a lot of investors. We always prefer TCS over Infosys. But I feel that IT would be under some pressure for some time. There are other sectors which are quite ridiculously valued, so I feel IT should at least be avoided for the time being."
TCS's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 38.68 per share. (Sep, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 28.05. The latest book value of the company is Rs 99.53 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 10.9. The dividend yield of the company was 1.29%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Below Rs 2550,  Infosys   may slip to Rs 2418-2420, says Hemant Thukral, Aditya Birla Money.
Thukral told CNBC-TV18, "I think the way Infosys reacted; I don<U+0092>t see the reaction stopping immediately. In fact the way the shorts have been piled up, I am even more amazed the way delivery selling has taken place. It has seen a huge delivery marking yesterday. So clearly the pressure may continue. The Call writers have accumulated on the southward side. So if Infosys breaks Rs 2550 then it is heading towards Rs 2418-2420 levels. I think at every rebound you will Infosys facing selling pressure."
He further added, "Having said that if you say same for  HCL Tech   or  TCS  , I don<U+0092>t see because they have not seen same amount of shorts nor the delivery based selling. So I would be slightly cautious going short on TCS or HCL Tech."
"In TCS Rs 1065 holds the key that is the level where every time it has bounced back, so it has not broken any major support levels till now. HCL Tech was hardly down 1.5-2%. But Infosys on any technical rally will meet with selling pressure. So if one has to take a slight risk, I would be shifting towards TCS or HCL Tech."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Accumulate  Infosys   with a target of Rs 2900 in 6-9 months, says Rajesh Agarwal, Head of Research at Eastern Financiers Limited.
Agarwal told CNBC-TV18, "The Infosys numbers were better than expected yesterday. What negatively surprised us was the flat guidance which they provided for the Q4. One thing we have to understand that the problems in the US and Europe are still there and IT companies as a whole are going the face problems not only in getting better orders or realisations but also on the front of aggressive pricing from competitors."
He further added, "Infosys being a leader might be able to get through all this and maybe able to report a growth of 10-12% but getting any surprising positive upmove in short-term is quite impossible because the problems are there."
"Going forward we believe that for the guidance which they have provided for 147.13 for the EPS for full year is taken on a dollar rate of 52 which we believe would again be tough to achieve because we believe that dollar would stabilise around Rs 51 and that would be an impossible task. But going forward in FY13 we believe the company would be able to report an EPS of 170 and with that in mind we accumulate rating on stock with a target of Rs 2,900 in the next 6-9 months. In the short-term there would be pain because there was a lot of build-up on the stock prior to the results."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Avoid  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "In Infosys the damage was far more than chart can expect, so we are looking at lower levels or at consolidation. Infosys is not a buy, it<U+0092>s not a sudden buy on dips opportunity now, its best avoid."
He further added, "All midcaps are looking nice.  VIP Industries   after big bear market is suggesting at least a short relief rally is in the offing, it<U+0092>s already started and that<U+0092>s likely to continue. So for momentum traders VIP is a buying opportunity, keep a stoploss and a target of Rs 104-105 or even higher."
" Shree Renuka   was recommended for buying when it was at Rs 27 and at that time it looked expensive and that<U+0092>s how it works. Even now our targets of Rs 34 will be exceeded and we are now looking at Rs 36. So somebody wanting to buy can enter but because of yesterday<U+0092>s big rally enter on a consolidation or some kind of an intraday dip, don<U+0092>t just go long but it<U+0092>s a buying opportunity still."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				PN Vijay, Portfolio Manager,  www.askpnvijay.com   shares his view on  Infosys  .
Vijay told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>Infosys prices are not really warranted because the results were not bad. They were on expected lines and Infosys was trying to make projections in a very unsettled environment both with regard to its clients and the currency but the market felt the projections were not going far enough. Let us not forget that we are in the middle of a major reshuffling of portfolios by clients.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>In the last 15 days clients have tended to move away from the stocks they have been buying last six months namely the IT stocks, FMCG stocks. The stock which they feel would track the possible economic recovery in India. To some extent people had made some profits in Infosys. They had got in at Rs 2400 levels sometime ago and they found it better to book that and get into beaten down economy stocks. I think that trend got accentuated when you got a fairly good IIP number soon after the Infosys numbers.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Bhavin Shah, CEO, Equirus Securities shares his view on  Infosys  .
Shah told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>We have been cautious on the IT sector since August and we reiterate the stance last month as well. The primary view that the volume growth for the sector is slowing and Infosys results assert that point quite certainly.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>The Company has done excellent job in terms of taking advantage of the currency depreciation and in terms of the speed at which currency depreciation flows into the bottom line Infosys when all the results are out it will be evident that Infosys is showing that mechanism the fastest. However ultimately given relatively low dividend payout ratio this stocks are priced for growth and growth is where we have concerns and those concerns continue to stay with the results. It<U+0092>s worth noting that Q4 FY11 was a weak quarter and on that base we are going to end the year FY12 with about 11-12% volume growth. Q4 FY12 in other words the current quarter, not as weak as Q4 FY11 but certainly lackluster so you are going to start FY13 on a low base again plus the other factors it<U+0092>s difficult to imagine more than 13-15% volume growth in FY13 and the multiples which are contracting the PE multiples for e.g. we believe will continue to contract over next 12 months.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   may slip to Rs 2500, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>Go short in Infosys and look for Rs 2500 or sub 2500. This is not a good location because when the stock has fallen so much in one day you really want some kind of a rally to sail into. So as a matter of tactics it may not be a good location to sell into but the trend for Infosys by breaching repeat number of support levels including the significant Rs 2700 level, once that is been confirmed today the trend is now off towards a correction which is not likely to stop at Rs 2600.<U+0094>
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 112.22 per share. (Dec, 2011). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.07. The latest book value of the company is Rs 426.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 6.07. The dividend yield of the company was 2.32%.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
Remember these are midcap ideas not just for the day, but stocks that look attractive in the medium-term as well. 
This week, Ashish Kapur, Investshoppe, Lancelot D'Cunha, Sharvans Wealth Mgmt and Madhumita Ghosh, UNICON battle it out for top honours. 
Below their top stock picks and analysis:
Ashish Kapur, Investshoppe
The first call for the day is a long position on  Sun Pharma  . We quiet like this company mainly because of very strong balance sheet, which the company has. There is very comfortable cash reserve. Also the company has been doing very well over the last few quarters mainly on account of a good traction in international sales. Their focus on exports along with acquisition of taro is really helping them; sustain their margins as well as revenue growth. We expect this trend to continue. For the day we have a target at Rs 540 with a stop loss of Rs 514.
Second call for the day is a long position on  Venkys   with a stop loss at Rs 420 and a target at Rs 445. We quiet like this company because it has been performing very well over the last few quarters. The poultry industry in India is said to do very well over the next few years. They plan to open number of new outlets in the coming few quarters. So as new outlets roll, the revenue growth from these outlets is going to add to the profitability of this company. Overall the company is available at a very decent valuation.
My third call for the day is a long position on  Crompton Greaves  . Fundamentally it is a very good stock available at very cheap valuations. This is a very good opportunity for long term investors to get into the stock. With the market in the pull back rally we expect momentum to continue in Crompton Greaves. For the day we have a target at Rs 140 with a stop loss at Rs 128. 
My final call for the day is a short position on  BHEL   with a target at Rs 250 and a stop loss at Rs 267. This is mainly to hedge the portfolio because we feel that after the good run up over the last couple of days the market could face some tough weather going forward. Capital goods is one space where the margin pressure is very evident and likely to continue for sometime. So fair to assume that if the market does weaken today BHEL would face pressure.
												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Deven Choksey, KRChoksey shares his view on  Infosys  .
Choksey told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>Expectedly Infosys should be having a volume growth of about 4% on QoQ basis in this particular quarter. May be I think the cross currency movement could probably shade down to a certain extent but overall because of the depreciation of rupee and lesser hedged position that this company carries, I think they should be having a higher amount of EBITDA margin, so we expect a quantum jump on the EBITDA margin in this particular quarter.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>The working for the company in this quarter at the net level should show a figure of some where around Rs 2310 crore. So, to a greater extent I think it would be called as about 30% growth on YoY basis which is I think a good number that one would like to look at. However I think more interest would be on the commentary that the management would provide after the result wherein I think they would talk about various issues including the opportunities that they see in the current environment in Europe and America, particularly on the acquisition side. So, some of this I think would be interesting thing to watch going forward in the result of Infosys.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Keep  Infosys   in portfolio, says Vishal Jajoo of Nirmal Bang Securities.
Jajoo told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys is not a share to be sold off ahead of the results rather than playing it on the results. It<U+0092>s a stock that one must have in his portfolio considering the fact that IT is a sector, which has performed very well in this year in which this was the second worst year as far as the Sensex goes."
He further added, "One more point regarding Infosys is that amongst the top three companies Infosys, Wipro and TCS this is the only company that has got the maximum unhedged exposure as far as the currency goes, so its going to benefit to it to the maximum extent."
"We expect topline of around Rs 9,100 crore for the quarter and a bottomline of close to Rs 2,250 crore, however market would be closely watching its guidance that it gives as far as the next quarter as well as next financial year is concerned and therefore this is not a stock and the price at which one is accumulated it."
"Investors usually feel happy if they selloff something at Rs 100 and the price goes down to Rs 95, they wait for it to come to Rs 90 to average but if that price doesn<U+0092>t come up and it actually moves up to Rs 105 then that<U+0092>s an opportunity loss, so it may happen in case of Infosys going forward also. It doesn<U+0092>t make too much of meaningful sense to get rid of Infosys before the results."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
					
				Brokerage CLSA has upgraded India's No. 2 software services exporter  Infosys   to 'outperform' from 'underperform', saying the company is best placed to capitalise on the weak rupee.
"Infosys is our preferred pick to play the INR weakening theme amid an overall cautious stance on tech stocks," said CLSA in a sales note on Tuesday.
The rupee weakened 15.8% in 2011, its biggest annual loss since 2008, as foreign capital took flight on growing concerns about India's current account deficit, its poorly performing stock market and an uncertain global economic outlook.
CLSA said while cautious view on Indian IT stocks stays, a reset of currency assumptions is driving a 2-13$ upgrade of fiscal year 2012/13 earnings per share for Tier-1 technology stocks.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Hemen Kapadia, CEO of chartpundit.com, Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital and Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  , place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Hemen Kapadia, CEO of chartpundit.com
Buy  Adani Enterprises  . It has reflected strength by staging a smart recovery from deeply oversold levels. Infact there has been a mini breakout on the hourly charts indicating its intention to appreciate further from here. Keeping that in mind one can buy at Rs 283 with a stoploss of Rs 280 and target of Rs 289. This is a shorter term call valid from an intraday point of view.
Sell  IDFC  . Stock has had a brilliant run up. It seems to be getting tired; infact on the hourly charts there has been negative divergence. The stk has made a new high. The indicators haven<U+0092>t followed suit indicating the possibility of a correction is close at hand. Keeping that in mind one can sell IDFC at Rs 102 with a stoploss of Rs 104 and target of Rs 98. This is a shorter term call valid from an intraday point of view.
 
Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO, Dynamix Research & Capital
We can buy  Infosys   above Rs 2876 with a stoploss below Rs 2840 and target of Rs 2950. Once it crosses Rs 2950 it can go to Rs 3200.
We can buy  IDFC   above Rs 103 for a target of Rs 109-112 with a stoploss below Rs 99.
 
Vishal B Malkan, CMT,  www.malkansview.com  
 Orchid Chemicals   has given a strong close above the resistance of Rs 145 along with breakout on hourly charts. I recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 143 for a target of Rs 156 and 160.
My second pick is  Tata Motors  . It has given a string close above the resistance of Rs 205 along with breakout in pattern on hourly charts. I recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 204 for a target of Rs 215 and 219.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				One can prefer  BHEL   and  Larsen and Toubro   (L&T), says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, "There are two stocks I think traders should look at. The first is L&T or rather I should call that a group, L&T and BHEL. While the Nifty goes up the capital goods sector is going to perform with it or even do better."
He further added, "The second group consist of the IT stocks;  TCS   and  Infosys  . These are two components of the Nifty that we should be focused on and which could outperform the Nifty. So traders could really take positions in them rather than in the Nifty."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   on declines, says Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager, Angel Broking.
Sekhar told CNBC-TV18, "In the near-term a lot of good news is already there is the price because that was on the back of this rapid currency depreciation. So a lot of it is done and dusted. Now what will drive Infosys from here is the commentary on volume growth because again for this quarter I don<U+0092>t think there is much expectation on volume because there is a seasonably weak quarter with very weak number of working days as compared to the other quarters. So the general commentary on the state of the US markets and what<U+0092>s happening on Europe is going to drive all largecap IT stocks."
He further added, "There is going to be lot of volatility both on the back of currency as well as news flow. One can look at adding Infosys on days of steep decline and wait for one, one and half year and look for price of not less than Rs 3,100 or 3,200 over a longer timeframe of 12-18 months. However, in the near-term there is going to be some amount of volatility."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 TCS   has resistance at Rs 1200-1230, says Shruti Vora of Antique Stock Broking.
Vora told CNBC-TV18, "The BSE IT index has seen a fair amount of resistance at 6,000 levels, which also coincides with the gap area resistance. So my sense is that in case if Nifty has to see a leg down then it will be IT which will actually lead the fall which is contrary to what the expectations building up on the Infosys results are but my sense is that all three stocks among the heavyweights TCS seeing some resistance at Rs 1,200-1,230,  Infosys   at Rs 2,900 and  Wipro   at Rs 425."
She further added, "So IT is a pack at current levels would suggest some amount of profit taking. You could possibly see some amount of selling pressure coming in there."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				Limited upside in  Infosys  , says Ambareesh Baliga, COO, Way2Wealth.
Baliga told CNBC-TV18, "Infosys in dollar terms we are expecting sequential 3-4% growth on the topline. In rupee terms we are looking at about 13-14%, looking at the rupee has depreciated. But I suppose one needs to check out as to how the business environment is going ahead where I don<U+0092>t think even the management is too hopeful from whatever they have said in the past couple of weeks."
He further added, "I suppose the price right now, it is already discounted for this good news, whatever we will hear possibly in this week later but I suppose the upside is limited. I think it can maximum go to levels of about Rs 2925. But possibly the downside could open up later which could be about Rs 2500."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Ajay Srivastava, CEO of Dimensions Consulting feels that one should stay long in  Infosys  .
Srivastava told CNBC-TV18, "We are keeping our customers there in IT space right now for a matter of at least 1-2 years because may be in this quarter, next quarter exchange rate may not play out as much because of hedging but eventually in a 1-2 year time frame they will have a strong earning momentum."
He further added, "We have a strong feeling that the results are going to be better than what people think. Infosys price should go up, may not be immediately but should go up, should maintain a long position and should be part of the story. After all a dollar at 53-54 in the forward market, there is a very good story out there on the profit side, may not be on business side. So answer is stay long, keep your position going."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													
						 
						
					
					
				 HCL Technologies   can go upto Rs 443, says Anu Jain, Sr. Vice President, IIFL Private Wealth Management.
Jain told CNBC-TV18, "Till  Infosys   holds on to Rs 2,780-2,800 level there is a case to be long on to it. If it gives up that then one would have to revive the situation at the same time at Rs 2,920 there is strong resistance. What happens on the result is anybody<U+0092>s call but you have to use either of the breakouts because we have seen it doing at every result something on either side, so I would keep that as a trigger point to either go long or short."
She further added, " TCS   on the other side is finding very strong resistance at Rs 1,200. On the charts it was showing strength but now it<U+0092>s kind of petering out. I think the only stock which is giving some confidence is HCL Tech, which has gone up to Rs 388, consolidated and moved back to Rs 410-420. I think that is looking interesting to go upto Rs 443. So if I had to play to sector, probably with a stoploss closer to Rs 402 would buy that on dips."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Infosys   and  HCL Tech   are strong bets in IT space, says Ajay Bodke, HOR, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bodke told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>Depreciating currency will benefit some of the larger names in the IT sector. We are positive on the top four IT companies. More specifically on Infosys and HCL Technologies followed by  TCS  . I think in the medium-term we are also looking at the volume growth remaining between 15-17%. I am talking about in the next 12 month perspective.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>The mild recovery in America certainly is good news for almost all these companies. What we need to keep in mind is that maybe 2/3rds of the revenues of the top tier companies come from what they call the RTB business, the lights all kinds of a business and only 1/3rd of it comes from the discretionary part. So I think a moderate volume growth helping currency as well as sort of 2/3rds of non-discretionary kind of business would make us bet on some of the top tier IT names and obviously all of them have strong balance sheets. So even if the environment continues to remain not so positive in Europe, I think the IT companies should be able to tide over the crisis pretty well.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 Reliance Industries   (RIL) looks strong at current levels; may test around Rs 735-740, says Amit Harchekar, IIFL
Harchekar told CNBC-TV18, "Reliance Industries (RIL) is looking extremely strong at current levels. It may test levels of Rs 735-740 and  Infosys   trading near the support band of Rs 2800 that has a target close to Rs 2900 to Rs 2920."
He further added, "The metals seen good outperformance since last couple of days, so I don<U+0092>t see metals stocks outperforming the market, but if there is a rally in this market it would be driven by a large caps like Reliance and Infosys."												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Go long in  Infosys  , says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>I am long in Infosys and that<U+0092>s because as I explained that it<U+0092>s broken out of a significant multi-month pattern and I have also explained that it<U+0092>s a little contradictory why Infosys will go up if the broad market continues or insists on going down. We will find that dissolved by the market itself.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>One of the two trades will probably get cancelled, either the short positions in the Nifty or the long in Infosys. But Infosys is currently a long for me. There is something about  EKC (Everest Kanto)   which you just talked about. Irrespective of how much percentage points it goes up today we must remember that it fell from Rs 75 in this September 2011 to Rs 25 now, so such stock will inevitably rally. But that rally is not even tradable, let<U+0092>s forget about investing.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Buy  Infosys   and sell  BPCL  , says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>BPCL is coming down but what happened yesterday was that first it made new lows, now new lows in a bear market on a day when the Nifty went 120 points up that<U+0092>s not good news and while making those new lows it broke its earlier pivot low at Rs 486, closed lower than Rs 486. Here is a stock that<U+0092>s telling us no matter what happens I am coming down much more. The charts also are now telling us that we are looking at probably sub Rs 400 levels by the time we end this bear market. So BPCL becomes a sell and every time you can make it.
He further added, <U+0093>A pattern which is very rare has just been confirmed in Infosys as it crossed Rs 2,875 and that crossing tells us that Infosys has higher levels. It<U+0092>s very confusing because the market itself is not showing us any signs of significant rallies but Infosys is doing that, even TCS is not giving us the same pattern. Whatever it is I follow the charts. Infosys is a buying opportunity not only as a day trader but also for somebody who intends to keep positions which is what I want to do. There is a deep stop loss for Infosys that<U+0092>s around Rs 2,800 that should be understood but it<U+0092>s probably something that I want to hold on to.<U+0094>
Disclosure: I have long positions in Infosys.												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													Avoid  Kotak Mahindra Bank  , says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>I would still go and sell Kotak Mahindra Bank, infact some of these stocks are going to go down or remain indifferent to any rally we see and Kotak Mahindra Bank is likely to be one of them. So, it<U+0092>s a short and since we don<U+0092>t short it today, it<U+0092>s just an avoid.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>For the index it<U+0092>s wise to carry your long positions till tomorrow and for individual stocks there are some ideas still. You can actually buy  IVRCL  , you can buy calls, and one can buy futures and equity. I sense there is much more upside there.  SBI   and  Infosys   both large caps have just begun their moves today, so both of them could have greater participation than we have seen up till now in any upmove.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													IT space may outperform, says Suresh Mahadevan, MD & Head of Indian Equities, UBS Securities.
Mahadevan told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>IT space is something we have been cautious and then been negative, it is not a call which has worked very well partly because of the rupee and partly in times such as these there is generally people kind of hiring some of the high quality names which are in the IT space which is  Infosys  ,  TCS  ,  Wipro   etc.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093>I am kind of neutral on IT at this point primarily because of the currency weakness. Though our analysts are negative; she is negative on every name except Infosys where she feels the expectations are reality are probably closer whereas in others she sees further downside to the expectations because reality is going to be worse.General argument in the IT space, if you take out the rupee is that the growth rates are coming down. And with global economy not doing that well, I think we can argue that growth rates are unlikely to recover in the near-term.<U+0094>
<U+0093>My sense about the IT sector is that it<U+0092>s a sector which should probably do well till the market start performing then it may start under performing. So till the markets are in sort of time correction mode or downward trend or lower, I think IT should out perform. But once the market starts recovering I would find it difficult for IT to really do well because the rupee will start appreciating and also the growth rate will start coming down. So till that point, the next 3-4 months IT should relatively kind of outperform is my view.<U+0094>												
		#####END OF ARTICLE###

													 HDFC Bank   may slip further to Rs 410, says Sudarshan Sukhani, s2analytics.com.
Sukhani told CNBC-TV18, <U+0093>This market is sliding down. We are making those lower highs not only in the Nifty but in most of the best of the blue-chips, most Nifty heavyweights. HDFC Bank is doing the same thing, banks are now cracking and I get the impression that finally HDFC Bank is almost right for a big decline. So this is a short term trade. The trade here is to go short, look for modest target for Rs 410 or so but the thrust is on the downside now.<U+0094>
He further added, <U+0093> TCS  , we are short term traders and we are looking for events that will occur during this week. I suspect TCS as well as its sisters -  Infosys   and  Wipro   are going to see lower level before they start publishing their results. Charts are suggesting that TCS is right for a correction. How deep- is something for the market to decide? But if there is a correction, short term traders can well take advantage of it, look for Rs 1130 or even Rs 1100 on the downside if the correction is deep enough and there is a short sell here. It can also be taken using puts so that<U+0092>s an advantage.<U+0094>												
